Which is why he was found guilty .  .  .  I don't think you will find many reasonable people thinking it should be anything different . 
Its good to see the senate isnt agreeing . 
the cricket in the pliers feels pain .  .  . When you start to squeeze a cricket with a pair of pliers
Mr .  Jack
But there was a big evolutionary hyp over this and some people were saying They are just that close in showing how life could come from non-life . 
Man
 .   .   .   . The irony is that we all fall somewhere on the line of pregnancy from no abortions at all to minutes before birth .   .   .   . 
The age of the earth is just right for supporting life  ( us )  . Add
Fear-mongering is what that's called . 
He was declaring war on an unclean people whom He commanded the Jews to wipe out in a time of WAR . 
Intelligent design is a recent concept  ( not associated with any one religion )  and it hasn't had over 100 years to be studied .  Why not start now ?  It can't happen if we block it from future generations .  Why not give it a chance
Not that anyone here cares to read the Creationist slant on soft tissue found in dinosaurs .  .  . but here it is
Do you believe it is wrong to torture toddlers for fun ? 
The 10 commandments are a real time story
If you reject the literal account of the Creation in Genesis
I believe in Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of what exists
1 )  What did the bear replace ? 2 )  What did the bat replace ? 3 )  What did the elephant replace ? 4 )  What did the human replace ? 5 )  What did lions replace ? 6 )  What did Hippopotami replace ? 7 )  What did the ape replace ? 
I like how the Chinese view Christians .  They simply cannot figure out why so many missionaries go over to China and try to convert people .  The Chinese are so lenient about religion that many practice several different religions and don't have such strict codes as Christianity . 
The bottom line is that we should be free to believe as we believe while others should be afforded that same right .  Thank you . 
The Bible says that God created every thing in 6 days .  That does not neccensaraly mean it only took 6 days .  The meaning of the word day in the language the Bible was written in means basicly a long period of time .  That would explain why some fossils are millions of years old .  That does not how ever prove evolution . emoticonXSmilieemoticonXSmilieemoticonXAngel
this is another problem with humanism
Science tells us that there was no global flood a la Noah
Losing a fetus should not be a big deal to the pro choice lot on this forum
In case you were wondering
a .  “An application of the present results to the Milky Way Galaxy yields one supernova per 26  ( ± 10 estimated error )  years in very good agreement with the evidence from historical supernovae . ” G .  A .  Tammann
As for the other gods
the problem with your statement is that freedom of religion is specificly enumerated in the bill of rights .  government recognition of marriage is not .  as i have told mathew s on numerous occasions
Good questions .  I agree that this logic is somewhat flawed  ( unless quote mined )  .  God could have made Adam and Eve .  He could then have planted evidence that life evolved to this point .  The miracle could have happened
For a 13 year old girl that could greatly damage her body to have a pregnancy so young .  She is just starting to grow and mature
unkerpaulieits difficult to merge life in its purest form with science
oh and by the way i agree with benjamin .  god is good all the time and in the end god will win meaning creation beats evolution every time .   * i wonder how much i would get paid to make up another idea for evolution and convince people its ture .  like peas evolved from acorns or something . *
No it is not .  Darwinists say that evolution happens by way of selection of random variants .  .  .  .  . what I'm asking for is for science to make sure the variants don't arise nonrandomly .  I'm looking for experiments on animals that rule out heritable
Most evolutionists believe that matter and time were created by a Big Bang . 
You prove my point exactly .  Just because 99% of scientists believe in evolution
Good ideas
I don't know what exactly to think of it only I think it saves us the cost of prisons ! 
What is not fertilized is what a woman flushes in each monthly cycle .  She isn't flushing people or potential people
Then go study a course on geology .  It is the entire science of geology that has completely disproven a YEC literal reading of Genesis .  The Earth is old and there was no global flood a few thousand years ago . 
BTW - I don't think hell is a place
I suspect that a lot of people
This is the old viability arguement
Then why doesn't He answer prayers like He says He will in the Bible ? So is Jesus
The movement to teach YEC is non existant . 
funny that all proponents of abortion for unwanted pregnancies talk about abortion as if being a political statement: I control my body . Funny that they never think that the reason most women need an abortion was because they couldn't control their legs and kept them crossed . They can not control their lust
I think this is unlikely under the current makeup of the Supreme Court .  But that of course is the fear that many have
In all fairness
The belief that there are approximately 20
Nothing .  T .  Kennedy is an alias of a known terrorist . 
Just as one defines:infinite: not finitevsfiniteJust as one defines:SquarevscircleWait
Recent studies apparently show that pot is more harmful than you say .  One joint is said to contain more carcinogens than four tobacco cigarettes . I doubt your 20
Not the way I see it from my experiences .  I let the readers decide on their own . 
Illinois just allowed 167 death row inmates released from death row .  Just in case one of them might not be guilty .  I say
most research indicates social deprivation as being main causes of crime coupled nowadays with drugsSO WHY ARE GUNS BEING BLAMED FOR CAUSING CRIME !  !  !  I've been saying this for years .  .  . Criminals have always had guns ban or notThat is the exact point of this thread .  .  .  guns bans/control doesn't stop the criminals
I stated nothing; I merely asked you  ( or rather marc )  to consider the options impartially and assess the scale and plausibility of the conspiracies each entail .  Factor in the explicitly advertised intentions of the I . D movement and related sites such as AIG
that is not quite what the 'mitochondrial eve' hypothesis posits .  science .  1995 dec 22;270 ( 5244 ) :1930-6 .   the myth of eve: molecular biology and human origins .  ayala fj .  university of california
Lack of a Natural Mechanism .  Charles Darwin
Is there evidence of uncaused events ?  I thought at issue was simply the impossibility of determing precise data . 
I'm sorry but the baby is a part of both of them . Should it be that the mother decides to keep the baby and the father want's her to terminate the state will still come chasing for child support . Why the father didn't get a say on if the baby was born or not so why should he have to pay child supportbecause the law says so . 
See how the fair application of literalism works  ? 
Further more
Biologists now know that individual animals in a population are able to develop specific traits while still in the egg or womb . 
If god could create the world in 7 days then he sure as hell could get someone pregnant . 
Each side tries to support their own worldview .  There are two positions
The Forum rules . 3a )  No Personal attacks
How about the ability to marry multiple partners ?  Or do you think that nothing is capable of undermining the institution of marriage ? 
The guy can have an opinion but the ultimate choice is up to the woman who can listen to what the guy says or not
More concrete than the thought processes which dismiss out of hand the flat statement of the US Secretary of State opining that no functioning democracy should allow private ownership of guns
Isn't it amazing how quickly creationists will accept natural selection and superfast evolution when it supports they're beliefs ? 
Your attitude is wrong .  Instead of using your mind and energies to disprove the bible you should use all your power to to learn how to obey the teachings of the Son of God and mature emotionally and in wisdom . 
Al Gore is a shyster riding on the fears of dupes who think mankind controls the earth . 
The process to fossilize a bone is painfully slow .  Non-fossilized tissue can't survive more than a few years
So again
Now firearm deaths in the US in 1999 totalled 28
do you have proof of such a statement ?  And what does this have to do with writing an article ?  What a ridiculous comeback .  You don't know your evolutionary theory . 
The greatest possible  ( anything you can name )  can only exist in a finiteseries .  As you point out
right now
Sigma .  .  . *sigh* .  .  . Lets start off getting one thing straight .  Are you suggesting that legal makes moral ? 
The first one is moderately valid .  .  .  the rest are straw men . 
I agree that women deserve better choices and such
And what fossil records can you show that one species of animal has evolved into another species of animal ? 
the mumbai massacre was an attack by pakistani terrorists .  if a country can't keep terrorists armed with machine guns and bombs from crossing its borders then you can't expect gun control to help in such situations .  there might be even more such attacks in the us if the us shared a border with pakistan . 
Within the community of Christian believers there are areas of dispute and disagreement
He was a gun owner and a terrorist . 
I put to you that you are the one discriminating on the basis of someone's size and development
The trouble with those poles is that peopel who 'have no religion' can be theists
I do not see any problem with the Jehova's or any other's idea of a scriptural account .  Once the debate has begun
It is not .  It is baseless conjecture .  In fact
Have you lost your mind ?  I got no idea what you are talking about . 
I'm sure invading armies would be deterred by people sniping them off at random  ( which is what would happen if any ever tried an invasion of America
If a woman does not want to be pregnant
Incidentally
Remember that Darwin referred to evolution as the secondary cause by which the Creator acted .  So
If drugs were more accessable we would likly have far less crime and far more drug adicts . 
Your hypothetical is just that - hypothetical .  In reality
the laws of logic are non-material
O . k . 
The bill would also protect gun manufacturers and dealers that have allowed their weapons to fall into the hands of criminals through their own negligence . 
I just was impressed that the fossil was not found by happenstance . 
you might criticize me for believing evolution happened simply because scientists say it did
You mention pursuing facts ?  I don't see how that's possible .  For now assume that God created the Earth and the science commnity accepts that .  What specific experimentation would you do ?  What would you investigate that you feel could further the human pool of knowledge ?  How about some specifics ? 
If your body split and grew another body identical to you
Lurch/Ungerdunn/Selasphorus -- If you are out there .  .  .  please come back .  Just try not to get banned this time .  ;- ) 
Our resident genius supposes a vagina is an entrance/exit to a child trap .  .  . interesting . 
This is so inane I dont know where to start . Firstly - If there existed an armed forces capable of destroying the US military
Not owning a gun makes me safer and two cherry picked 911 calls does not disprove that . 
It's technically not killing .  Killing means making it dead .  For the most animals
And the thing is
#3 - Can anyone explain to me why no other apes
Again show me something other than an opinion .  Describe how the avian lung could have evolved over time .  Other than IT did it . 
Then the issue I've raised has some merit ?  Is dark matter the only possible thing we can't see using EM waves
Give to God what belongs to God .  Give to science what belongs to science
When we drive our cars
Feel free samiinh .  After all
But won't the streets run red with blood if people are allowed to defend themselves ?  Won't traffic accidents become gun battles when tempers flair ? 
Notice how the places where guns are banned have the most massacres .  Those who instituted laws preventing people on campus from defending themselves should be held partially liable for these crimes . 
My point here is that it could be argued very reasonably as to whether or not a fertilized egg
The fact you always ignore is your not just doing it to your body .  .  .  .  . 
The interesting thing about the 'quality of life ethic' is that
My point wasn't to show that the unborn is a person but to show that the real question isn't Who gets to determine the future of a woman's pregnancy
The Big Bang was proved wrong years ago by Kent Hovind . 
The reason that's the case is because there are many limitations on marriage but only homosexuals claim they are being discriminated against . 
How the most common definition of Intelligent Design in the news media is completely incorrect
do your own research .  i am not interested in playing a game . 
Consider an extreme literalist
<snip of silly
Why
No
We saw this in the recent Supreme Court decision .  They chose to focus a lot on the role handguns could play in defending house and home against criminals
If there are many people reading this that already believe in evolution
However
Scientifically
I must admit this is a very long winded fairy tale you tell . 
I would like to see more conclusive data on the subject but most importantly a REAL plausible solution .  I'm not an expert but it does appear most scientists feel global warming is partly man-made .  I do get a little sketched out when I see scientists are trying to restrict research for those that go against the theory .  They may have strong arguments but that kinda BS really blows your credibility . 
Now we come to the problem with the theory of intelligent design .  There simply has been no thinking involved .  The equivalent of ID is doing all the experiments with the apple
I enjoy written debates very much
Next they've trashed God's creation by diverting everyone's attention .  It's a subtle move that not many people have noticed .  But I've noticed .  What they've done is a clever sleight-of-hand move .  Science no longer looks at animals .  They no longer study how organisms interact within their environments .  Instead they've turned everyone's attention to genes
A population of bacteria would of course be better suited than another population if it could sense light . 
What amazes me is someone could actually believe a constitutional ban on gay marriage is in anyway a contributing factor to divorce rates . 
As usual
This is why religion may not survive the future . People like Arch are setting it as opposed to science and in that position it will be doomed to fail . The only hope is if the nuts stop making it in to an adversarial situation . Arch is doing nothing but distorting the very thing he holds so dear
That all changed after he became a radical gun activist ! Charlton Heston's civil rights credentials are seriously sullied by his bigoted and homophobic remarks and his attacks on racial minorities .  The endorsement by white supremacist David Duke further threatens to erode the considerable respect many Americans felt toward Heston for his years-ago commitment to human rights . -Julian Bond
An evolutionary mutation of a gene is: a new and useful gene that never b4 existed
that can then be repeated and that can withstand independent review . 
Where do you get the figure of 500
It is our contention that it's the pro-death advocates who misrepresent the facts in order to justify their infanticidal proclivities and justifications as they release women of all personal responsibility and expect the innocent child to be sacrificed at the alter of their immoral lifestyle so they can continue to act irresponsibly . 
The reality is erectus skulls are smaller because the people were SMALL -- like 5 . 0 - 5'5 tall
It truly is sad when an opponent is friendlier than an ally
#3 - Can anyone explain to me why no other apes
  Fire and tool use means that having a big brain becomes less of a disadvantage and more of an advantage now that you can feed it yea but you have to have the brains to build a fire before it becomes an advantage .  sigh . 
The militia of the Second Amendment is a militia that is described as being well regulated  ( regulated by both the federal government and the states as spoken of in Article 1 of the Constitution )  .  In our own day
This is the essense of natural selection - and goes in nicely with the Biblical account of our origins
the bible .  god did not write the bible
Am I missing something
So if same-sex relationships are legally recognized as marriage
of those add new body parts except for this one .  .  .  . evolution of multicellularity in a unicellular green alga  ( Boraas 1983; Boraas et al .  1998 ) ;  .  .  . which isn't even a result of mutation . Got anything else ? 
We are human at conception .  The sperm and ovary cells are human before they even connect .  A fingernail clipping is human . What you mean is; when do we become a person . 
no
They're not related
Yes
What are you counting as critical ?  Stats ? 
Really ?  ?  ?  You think most people would incorporate the golden rule ?  I don't think so--I think most people are willing to make a buck off of others  ( business ventures ) 
Chuz
Seriously
I am curious as to why you specifically exclude self defense as a valid reason for owning a gun .  Data from the FBI shows that victims who resist an aggressor by use of a gun are less likely to be injured than when they use other weapons for defense .  I would think that this alone would validate the ownership of a gun for defensive use .  On a related note
So what ?  A person has a right to defend themselves
And ends with the woman
I think this might be the wrong thread for this discussion .  Something like this belongs in the crime debate area
Unrestrained capitalism is a beast that will eat itself . 
There's more to the adoption of an atheistic stance than just rejecting the bible because it's scientifically false .  'The bible is scientific nonsense
As I said in my posting #39 by splitting hairs again and again you paralyse the debate .  As instead of being a debate about abortion it has become a semantic nightmare . 
Yes and the continents moved about 2000-3000 miles in less than 4000 years only about a mile per year .  Surely nobody would have made a note of that its such a slow rate of progress !  Clearly this is all possible with plate tectonics et al .  Thats only about 15 ft per day of movement ! 
He presented no arguement as to why he thought that this was not mere reflex action .  As someone with only a minimum of medical knowledge
Sorry to hear you say this .  I have never attacked you personally
This case is about free inquiry in education
You sure can .  A mass murder of at least 13 children was committed with a knife .  That has happened before even in Japan as well as other countries including here .  No conclusion to be drawn .  It happened
You're right .  Both clearly stated that they did not support gay marriage .  The difference that is being pointed out in the article you quoted is this: Biden DID clearly say he believed gay couples should have equal rights when it came to things like hospital visitation
So
In a socialist nation
There is only one way
I'm confused .  What exactly is the difference between a civil union and a marriage .  From what I have found
How
That's really simplified .  It's not like a woman's body is a suitcase and the fetus is biologically self-reliant .  It lives off her life processes - her blood
The term 'bear arms' usually referred military service at the time of the writing of the second amendment .  This is evident from the first draft of the second amendment in which James Madison states
Perhaps another unwanted child spending a childhood is state supported homes ? 
Oh it has happened .  But that is not a problem with my son
I won't throw my ideas on abortion out there just yet
I'm glad you made the same correlation I did .  ToE is a substitute for #### in this case . 
but why does this generation get to bypass the same authority that every other generation before them submitted to with their parental oversight  ?  how is it right now for 13
I think you have your image of an assault weapon slightly skewed .  an assault weapon by its very name is a weapon designed to harm another human .  this does not mean full auto it just means that it was never designed to be a target/hunting/self defense weapon . 
I think you'll find that Byzantine  ( http://www . byzcath . org/ ) 
Now you're claiming that a gun is a precision machine .  Before you've claimed that the guns you classify as assault weapons are inaccurate and designed for be fired from the hip .  Which is it ?   .  .  .  .  . 
ok .  .  lets get this straight .  . 
That reminds me of the discussion I got into on a christian board when I referred to a particular pompous XXX as a pompous XXX .  I was banned for a week for using profane language .  Pointing out that an XXX is an animal and that my remark made sense only in that light was fruitless .  My answer was to demand that they ban some versions of the Bible because they told of how Abraham tied his XXX to a tree and Jesus sat on his XXX in Jerusalem .  Didn't phase them .  They also ignored without comment references to Judge Roy Moore's monumental erection in the rotunda of the Alabama Supreme Court building . 
I read an article yesterday  ( about Evolution
A very small fraction of our genetic material--about 2%-- performs the crucial task scientists once thought was the sole purpose of the genome: to serve as a blueprint for the production of proteins
You are going to have to explain what happenstance origins are
Folks that see threats everywhere they look are already slaves to their paranoia . 
It's a false dichotomy that some critics of religion have cast religion in by saying that submitting to spiritual authority and thinking/reasoning are going to be juxtaposed . 
No disrespect intended in that I agree with you in that he is real to you
Evolution implies species go through a process of advantagous and purposful change
Actually there is a better solution .  Mandatory male and female birth control pills
Fort example
You are in a loud minority
See
Bertvan: Perhaps Dr .  Pigluicci doesn't see a difference between the organization of a hurricane and the organization of a living system .  Most people do see a difference .  The deterministic mechanisms that affect a hurricane are well understood and predictable .  On the other hand no one can even speculate how such things as “temperature and embryonic diet” might cause proteins to fold differently and thus “whip up” complex systems such as “eyes
regardless
I wasn't oversimplifying anything
BTW- swords are also protected under the second amendment
Your position
Indeed
Don't get me wrong .  This isn't exactly a trip to Sunday school .  You shouldn't accept packing an arsenal around in the trunk as if it were completely innocuous .  It kinda seems suspicious like a primer colored Nissan Maxima with five guys wearing stocking caps sitting in a vacant lot at 3 a . m .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . something's not right
by gun nut logic children should be able to tote guns around at school because it wont make a difference because if they really wanted to kill each other
Again
There's a fair few problems with this .  Off the top of my head .  .  . What happens when the pregnancy is accidental
Creationism
however
His opponents were not overlooking most likely .  Instead
Certainly
Will some creationist point out the errors in the above ?  But if you do
If you think evolution cannot explain any change then why pick the avian lung in particular ?  Maybe try and show how genesis can integrate almost or more observations in a meaningful way than evolution
that sure was a load of knowledge you revealed there . 
Furthermore
Accidents for one .  Just last week a man who was drinking and cleaning his firearm accidentally shot and killed his daughter .  Run a google search for man shoots self the amount of accidental shootings is rather disturbing yet funny .  Most of these however are due to improper gun safety though . 
There are several fallacies with Darwin's theory of evolution:
If the pharmacist is an employee then it's a company issue as Big Orn said although you could sue the company .  If no other pharmacy is available and the pharmacist owns the pharmacy I'd say sue him/her and buy online .  Those Canadians will sell you anything . 
When two gay men get together and have sex that produces a kid is the day I will defend gay marriages . Plus if this is ok then why do gays need organizations like nambla to recruit children into the gay life style . 
Of course
 ( 22 .  )  Criminals
God' is a figure that humanity created so that life would not be dull adn so that we would have reasurance ( sp )  that there is an after life
Ah but interracial marriages were only socially prejudiced .  There was no real biological basis for the prejudice .  We know that interracial diversity is biologically sound .  Sometimes there are genetic or congenital anomollies that can be detrimental to the offspring of interracial couples
This is what has caused such events as the Columbine Highschool shootings . 
plus there are so many other sciences that are lumped with evolution
Tell me ONE scientific fact that contradicts the Bible  ? 
No
This is personal pet-hate .  .  . It is not true to say humans did not evolve from apes - humans are apes and we did evolve from other apes .  What we didn't do is evolve from any apes still living today
I tell you now
But they can't be true christians if they accept evolution . 
Heading further down that path .  .  . If the right belongs to the child
2 )  The global flood should have left homogenous sediment layers across the world
This is a poor poor analogy .  Abortion is dealing with the decision to end another's life in order to sustain a preferred lifestyle . 
Clearly variation within species is possible and has been observed
Of course the problem here
Truth and morality are not relative to any given situation . 
More likely the criminal will shoot first rather than give the other chap a chance . There is no real reason for the average citizen to need or have a hand-gun
I suppose the correct terminology would be that G .  fortis evolved a smaller beak due to competition from a larger billed recent imigrant . I suppose that we just aren't subjected to the same word selection pressures this side of the Atlantic . emoticonXHoho
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands .  It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership .  A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited . 
Socialism
While I am not a huge fan of polls
I think there is something wrong with Premse One .  It translates into English as If God exists
He found that adaptive genetic mutations arising systematically under these circumstances outnumbered maladaptive and inconsequential mutations to a high degree
Yeah
Not everyone agrees with policy .  Afterall look at the Brady Campaign
NOTE: When I say beneficial mutations
It worked just fine for the first half of the 20th century . And training should never be a requirement for exercising a constitutional right . 
we now still have light and dark moths .  The only thing that has changed is the population ratio
This applies only when men strive .  .  . that is fight .  If a man Accidently hits a woman while in a fight and causes her to lose her child then all he has to do is pay a fine .  But if he keeps fighting and hurt other people he gets killed .  Even in the Bible you dont get punished so severly on accidents . 
Hmm - the stats say Western Europe has the lowest incidence of abortion . http://www . guttmacher . org/pubs/fb_IAW . html
1 )  It's hardly solved . Same-sex marriage is not legal in France .  As of 2006
Often
Then I'm glad I'm not your future child .  If you can feel nothing remorseful from having your baby killed at all
Why bother when you know logic
The definition of deter is To prevent or discourage from acting
carefully think about this statement .  christianity is based upon the essential beliefs that:1 .  God is all-powerful2 .  man is fallen and in need of redemption
audi alteram partem or in English hear both sides of an argument .  .  .  . 
Please try to maintain your rhetoric in the Debate Challenge section to a higher degree than what we normally experience in our regular forums .  Some of the terms being used are at worst poisoning the well
Abortion is a right constructed in the chambers of the minds of seven judges . 
Hunters could trample through Yellowstone or any other national park
Gay marriage will change the institution . 
As Mr .  Jack said
“We thought that the idea itself was important
Oh
Why don't you write Dr .  Olsen and ask him if this is true ? 
Not only the most overturned
And where
A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children .  .  . - Proverbs 13:22Sell that ye have and give alms .  .  . - Luke 12:33
By your logic
The CBO estimate was ~$1Billion/ year in additional costs for legalizing 600
Of course
An immaculately presented response
Yes we can create modern technological wonders .  The pyramids
If all life evolved from a common ancestor
Let's be honest
Even if the number of defensive uses is only 800
If you say there is no such thing as a hierarchy of rights
Actually
Simone:Sorry
You talked about a 'natural bias' that would stop evolution in its tracks .  You're going to have to be more specific about what 'stopping evolution in its tracks' means .  Do you mean preventing inheritable variation ?  Preventing natural selection ?  Preventing gene flow ?  What ? 
Creation: The belief that the universe  ( and of course everything in it )  was created by some supernatural entity . To support creation you must first tackle the concept of something outside the knowable universe .  Because this is irrational
The New Haven
It is so easy
Yet evolutionists tell us that evolution could never happen the same way twice .  And the reason they say that -- one of them -- is that NS on the level of the population is random .  .  .  . which makes absolutely no sense what-so-ever . 
Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage ?  The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president .  Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun . 
Rather unsurprisingly
Materialists: believe that lifeforms are evolving upwards from something ugly  ( bacteria
Let's just point out
I dont seem to get the punchline .  Maybe its meant to be nonsensical ? 
The opportunity for a law-abiding gun owner to use a gun in a socially desirable manner--against a criminal during the commission of a crime--will occur
Where better to find more info on the evolutionary migration of humanity than from friendly atheist . com .  emoticonXGood Keep that pure science with no agenda coming you guys .  emoticonXDonno
Evolution is not needed to explain such an event
Susan Smith shocked the nation with the murder of her children .  She believed her two young boys were an obstacle to remarriage
It begins to look
It's not about finding the weapon .  It's about accountability for supplying the black market . 
For me
Not only that
This is a good site
This is their words as nothing science has proven overturns anything the Bible says .  Most scientist agree is not proof .  Many times most scientist are wrong . 
You see
What I am is someone who appreciates the value of the scientific methodology
We're legally dead when we no longer mentally exist  ( hence the term brain-dead ) 
Because they couldn't own models like the AR-15 or AK-47 ?  Last I checked those were banned in Chicago and much of Illinois
 ( if anything it says life starts at birth with the first breath ) 
That statement exposes your ludicrousy .  First
The marijuana addict will work
well heck
Rich people do a lot more to oppress people and take away freedom than the government
the classic anti-gunner misinterpretation .  what i'm advocating is that we stop this naive belief that we can save lives by banning guns on and around school property
that didn't seem to hold up did it ?  just because mass and cal .  said it was alright did make it alright for the rest of the country . 2 liberal states didn't push the rest of the country to follow like sheep to a slaughter . 
humphreys is full of #### .  how about you check out dalrymple's book ?  100% of the scientific evidence kicks humphreys's xxx .  a . k . a .  'the winding up problem . ' completely fabricated
How can you possibly equate prostitution to gay marriage ?  And would society break down if some individuals are allowed to enter into a legally protecting penumbra institution we call marriage ?  Probably not . 
Legislative power over guns traditionally exercised by the people's representatives in state and local governments would largely and effectively be transferred to the courts . 
So
This thread has established the cold disregard for undeserved pain and death inflicted upon what would be a child created by the irresponsible acts of humans .  In the name of caring for the rights of humans .  Which exposes the argument of in the name of someone's rights a sham .  As rights of only one of two are being considered . 
I don't think there are many
I've cited several pieces of evidence that prove you wrong .  You just wish to ignore them as you do everything that contridicts your belief . 
 .  .  . God does not fill the word who because to most accounts he is not a person
It is not a rational alternative to the theory of evolution
MIRRORED POST
I think you
1 .  Are you referring to Christian creationism ?  Intelligent Design ?  If so
Two gun deaths per 100
My moral compass does not care if genesis is literally true or not .  Can anyone explain why it should ? 
You claim that the distinction between a baby being a bodily function of a woman or not is a matter of “empirical fact”
The crime was committed when he took possesion of the firearm .  Do you know of any other crimes that your are guilty of when your are innocent in the past then the law makes you guilty later for a past event ? If the speed limit is 40 mph on Monday
bestiality commiters will possibly make similar arguments
I don't think the lightning strike will be proven it is merely plausibe . 
The dino would be to heavy to glide or fly with them if they weren't fully developed
Portugal's Parliament Approves Gay Marriage
I have been reading some of the replies on this page
Our inability to take advantage of almost all the energy that we take into our bodies . 
Are there any gay marriage supporters on these forums that do not think gay marriage is required by the US Constitution ? 
I just say we make a law against abortion
I would disagree here about this
We have some major flaws in our legal system .  The first and foremost legal flaw is that American prisoners are American people and thus are granted first ammendment American rights .  This means that murderers who don't get birthday cakes
Are you sure about that ?  Heterosexual sex goes as follows: The female's one millimeter hole gets a one inch hidious peg rammed into it
If I get the government to steal your pig
And when the President speaks in public we could hand out guns to the audience so that they could respond to any assassination attempt . emoticonXGood
But ever since the fall
What about other 'rational' alternatives to your version of evolution; such as that postulated by ID theorists ? 
By golly ! A day doesn't go by in the great and wonderful United States of America that another shooting doesn't occur
Professional scientists ?  Science educators ? 
then why can't a man opt out of fatherhood when a mass of tissue is just that a mass a tissue . 
Too late
here is no up or down in space .  I only used clockwise as an example .  It could have been counterclockwise .  Still
I hope you dont believe everything that is written in a textbook that has been changed over and over .  The Bible never has . 
because i said so !  lol
According to Jesus in the New Testament
what's this to do with guns ? 
For the pro-life community
I thought it had been known for some time that genes were multi-functional ? 
Both atheists and agnostics will tell you they see no evidence for the existence of any god .  Some will continue with thus
Define intelligence . 
Does the term evolution refer to ONLY the advances of life over time ? 
There is considerable confusion about the legal theory underlying the right to keep and bear arms .  This is a brief outline for a clarification of the discussion of this issue .  >  ( 1 )  The Second Amendment to the U . S .  Constitution does not establish the right to keep and bear arms .  None of the provisions of the Constitution establish any natural rights .  They recognize such rights
I ran some numbers and here is what I came up with .  .  .  . If you had 1 billion dollars
Current 'treatment' includes:Use of a placeboLaying on of handsPrayerTossing salt over thy shoulderPlanting 3 kernels of rice in the ground under your homeSaying the Pledge of AllegienceAnd thanking the Obamasiah for a bountiful crop of beets . Oh
So
I believe the filibuster issue relates to voting on judgeships only .  ICBM
I think this is rather simple .  There will be a decrease in volume or quantity of healthcare services .  This will not include time of doctors who mostly tell their spport staff to do yet another test .  So it will mostly include support staff
because the earth is older than 10
Why should people be allowed to vote on my marriage ? 
I do however question why he took such a job in the first place .  He had to have known that this was part of his duties as the laws currently stand . 
Let me pose a hypothetical question . Same scenario as yours above but instead there is a genetically normal zygote on one table or on the other table
Okay
I know of no one that is pro life believes the mother should die so the baby can live . 
Canada
Guilty of the rapes I'm not disputing  ( don't know anything about those cases ) 
Many contemporary authors prominent in bioethical circles distinguish sharply between being a human being and being a human person .  These authors claim that for an entity to be regarded as a person
Not to make thing seam even darker or any thing but…Resident bush made it policy to cut aid to countries in Africa who gave out condoms and other birth controlOnly counters in Africa that teach abstinence get US aid .  . 
Evolutionists have constructed the Geologic Column in order to illustrate the supposed progression of primitive life forms to more complex systems we observe today .  Yet
Exactly .  If you are a child rapist and someone pops you in the head than you should go to jail for murder .  Sorry
if there is no evidence that adam and eve or eden ever existed
How
Wells also shows how most of the other evidence for evolution -- including textbook icons such as Peppered Moths
Why Matthew S do you find this article so fascinating ?  Why is there honor in marriage ?  What is it about marriage that makes it an honor ? 
It's kind of funny that they claim this happened
I see .  .  . a lack of substance on your behalf .  Anything to fill the void after a rather damning debunk on the thread I suppose .  A very typical tactic on your behalf and I would not expect more . 
an example of mutations is the eyeless cave fish . mutations have never led to a higher life form . 
If your personal identity causes you to believe that an attack on those ideas is an attack on you personally
In fact
Then who would create this very very clever being ?  In that case there has to be someone even more clever .  Or maybe it really was god that envolved from the apes .  ; ) 
Then they can seek permission from us to arm themselves
How can it get anymore embarrassing for science that they got the premise wrong for all these years ? 
here's one .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . there's more . keep your silly lollipop . 
 ( 6 )  Natural selection supposedly accounts for the development of new kinds
I see no duplicity between the two . 
It's nice to think that you'll 'plan' a child later but
We had light and dark moths before the industrial revolution
Do you believe that a fetus in a women's body is just undeveloped tissue or a start in where human life begins ?  Undeveloped tissue .  Both .  Human life . 
Are you sure about that ? Do you know who mai'ana is ? 
Yes
I'm 21 .  I want to move to Switzerland now .  .  .  .  .  I want a military grade assault rifle .  I miss my M-16 : (  Of course it was special cause I'm left handed emoticonXKill
Even in the case of the Romans
That is one definition of creation .  There are many .  You again make a mistake of making an assumption about what you want to argue about
First off this is not an accurate depiction of atheism .  Atheism doesn't dictate how the universe was created or what happens after death .  It just says that there is no god .  Other than that it's up to you to think
That does not mean
Forced sterilization of men would be better .  Both sexes . They're already liberated
If you've noticed
So
the simplest organism is the most effective so how did slightly more complex organisms out-compete simple fast-growing ones ? 
My second disagreement with the paper is a computer would be useless to model living systems
On your link
For the sake of discussion let's say it is the same one all the signers of the Declaration of Independence agreed it was . 
This is clearly the worst one .  Mr .  Harvey shows his ignorance and dislike of science . 
The grey area is of course if they lie and say it's not religion
Following the logic of several people here
The fact that much of society views this issue differently than the issue of black people only underscores my point .  There are lots of people who would and do give full support to civil rights
Welcome to the United States of America
the fact you always ignore is your not just doing it to your body .  .  .  .  . 
All the knowledge from Science has come from trusting mutual experience .  It has gotten us far and will continue to  ( as long as we don't destroy ourselves in misusing that knowledge )  . 
Third
prominent conservative j .  harvie wilkinson of the 4th u . s .  circuit court of appeals compared heller to roe v .  wade and criticized it for its lack of adherence to conservative methodology: 'heller represents a triumph for conservative lawyers .  but it also represents a failure - the court's failure to adhere to a conservative judicial methodology in reaching its decision .  in fact
If so
The KKK use of firearms isn't a legal and lawful use
since we already had one example of a creationist lowlife tactic in the george gaylord simpson quote
Believers; even if people who don't believe in creation and say that we can't prove it
I don't have the right  to make accusations about logical fallacies and how do you know I don't know what they mean .  Explain .  I don't remember correcting your spelling
Atheism does not show 'faithful devotion' in any ultimate reality or deity .  It is the LACK of a belief  ( the belief in gods )  .  Your definition of religion is thin . 
Some evolutionists try to claim that life can indeed climb upward by saying that the organism can draw energy from its environment – which would enable it to defy the downhill slide of degneration sic . 
Someone who actually had knowledge about the Civil War would certainly know that Lincoln did not believe the Union could be preserved unless slavery was abolished . 
Seems to me a woman isn't more qualified to deal with the issue of abortion than a man . 
Third
Why do I think they are popular books
Lacking substance as usual .  .  .  .  Whether Jefferson said it or not is not the issue .  The topic of this thread is 15 myths about gun control But you seem unable to make a logical point so you resort to attacking the individual .  .  . 
Secondly
Two of the things I mentioned  ( better locks and security systems )  have an effect at preventing home invasion .  Having a gun does nothing to prevent the crime
Anyone who can quote the Uncommondescent blog as if it were serious science obviously is clueless about evolution .  As are the Uncommondescent bloggers .  They wear their bibliolatry on their sleeves . 
If a telescope can see a new color
A Nightmare because the Republicans have used the filibuster as a weapon to stop legislation .  Over 300 pieces of legislation have yet to be voted on and nearly double that in the senate that have already passed the house .  .  . Yeah don't try to hide behind that smokescreen .  .  . 
Dempski uses information theory which uses log base 2 to support his claims about intelligent design .  if people quote Dempski then quote the log base 2
I would like to point out that it was hardly a land slide .  Current admninistration is not as popular as either Reagan or Clinton was .  This nation is divided .  Nothing is dead . 
to become the nations next biggest idiot ?  ? 
Capuchins ?  The monks ? you saying monkeys are smarter than monks ? 
Am i stupid or something .  .  .  whats a YEC ?  Young Energetic Children ?  Yacking Economistic Critters Yummy expensive cupcakes ? 
He is clueless: CLUELESS: THE MISUSE OF BATF FIREARMS TRACING DATA
I think Ludacris brings up some very important issues that others would rather pretend aren't there in favor of an easier point of view .  It's much easier to sit and say
We need to overturn the Roe v .  Wade decision and get back to cherishing life in this country .  For a country that murders it's children cannot be far from self destruction . 
In a given environment  ( e . g .  a very cold region ) 
The Law of Angular Momentum states that if an object breaks apart in a frictionless environment
I don't think DOMA is an abhorrent law .  It's real intent is to preserve the sovereignty of the individual states over an issue .  .  . 
Can anyone make a rational argument as to why executing a criminal who was 18 years old when committing the crime is not cruel and unusual punishment
Im shuddering thinking about all the accidental deaths related to children . 
I don't know about that listed range
I see you Americans deal as loosely with the French and Spanish languages
I personally think that abortion is wrong .  I think that a fetus is still a baby .  I do think that abortion can be okay but only if the mother's life is in danger
 ( Playing devil's advocate ) And
A free society works by saying you can't do this stuff but everything else is up to you guys .  If you go around saying you must do it this way then you really aren't a free society but you have the government controlling instead . 
This question is premised on an untenable assumption: that people should not be allowed to vote on particular issues .  This premise is clearly not true in any democratic society
--------------------------------------------------------------------------  I do not believe that the supreme court adressed the the problem of convicted fellons having the death penelty reduced to life in prison and going on to kill in prison . 
There's just enough truth in that statement to keep me from saying it's false
The areas of America where divorce rates are highest are also frequently the areas where many conservative Christians live .  Kentucky
you yourself were once in exactly the same position and condition as an unborn child is now
The terrorists saw it as absolutly necessary .  Personally
The whole point is that you can't use this warped version of the Razor for hypothesis testing .  In the example
Ahh .  .  .  There you have it .  Restrict ammo
But
I don't know
I wonder
I suspect that this will not be considered reasoned debate as it is disagreement with the anti DP stance .  The rate of recidivism that produces dead innocent victims by paroled criminals far out weights the number of executed innocent men .  fix the judicial system .  Make lawyers and law enforcement accountable for the errors that lead to deadly mistakes .  Quit making future victims pay for incompetence in law enforcement .  Dead murderers do not murder again .  Tugging at heart strings over the death of a murderer or the terror he feels on the way to the chamber gets no response .  No joy
Not with you Mr .  Muddy Waters . It's a bunch of bull****
People have raised scientists to undeserved heights .  It is clear that scientists can affect their experiments and observations
1 .  Change the definition of a legal term
Boopie
obrotion became populer in the 1800 and thats oround the time evoluion became populer .  and the lie that the embro has gill slits . 
I don't mean to get off on a tangent here
No need to change the verbage: .  .  . individuals with variations that are fortuitously best suited to changing local environments . Like folks who migrated to northern latitudes and happened to have lighter skin ( variation )  were healthier and therefore produced more and healthier offspring .  Over generations the lighter skinned came to dominate the group while becomming lighter still .  Why is that so difficult ?  No one is saying the darker skinned folks never reproduced .  They just weren't as successful in the long run . 
I have to ask: have you actually read what you just quoted ? I know that must sound rude
Duck
Brooklyn
5 )  Show me one instance of an evolutionist  ( any book
A position of pro-choice is pro-life because the lives and quality of life of women are valued . 
2 )  Then u might ask
They don't .  .  . but that's the principle issue behind many ACLU lawsuits and protests regarding treatment of criminals
 .  .  . to curtail abortions . Any woman who has an abortion for convenience only  ( not raped
I fully realize what I am talking about .  I am talking about your god
5 .  ) Don't think so . 6 .  ) The only thing classical ad-naeseum is your own preconceived idea's of creationism and creationist . You don't want to debate the issues like normal civil people
Let me get this straight .  We can't force a woman to give birth if she doesn't want the child
You throw personal insults more than I do .  So when will YOU grow up ? 
Actually
emoticonXDonno how is that fair ?  basically your reasoning is lets just give the christians the whole marriage thing
I support legalization of every drug .  I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like Marijuana will kill you .  Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you .  It is impossible .  It takes 20
and nobody has ever managed to do so  ( though the concept of an invisible man in the sky is a little silly )  . 
Since the universe must have had a finite existence
What ?  How did you get that analysis from that scripture ?  We DO hang on something .  It's called the gravity of the Sun
 (  Now remember
Is even 'channel' sufficiently ateleological a verb ? 
 .  .  . and be used to try innocent people in a court of law . 
”By creation we mean the bringing into being by a supernatural Creator of the basic kinds of plants and animals by the process of sudden
Similarly
Just because you think you are entitled to what I earn doesn't make it so .  Earn your own . 
Can you imagine what the U . S .  population would be without abortion ?  Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot ? 
Supposing she drank heavily before she knew she was pregnant . 
No
The last guy who owned the gun legally is a good place to start .  If there's a stolen weapon report
Firstly
Even new Justice Sotomayor
I also got a kick out of you saying this: I prefer to use more neutral sources
All firearm transactions must be through a FFL with a background check .  First sale and any subsequent transfers of ownership .  No private party to pp sales without FFL oversight . 
lol Linus .  .  . You provide no proof for this . 
When the needs of the two are in conflict this is unavoidable . 
I don't see how this makes her as an anti-gun candidate .  She's the one that resisted America signing onto the global arms trade treaty . 
They are not the properties of the physical universe  ( since they are conceptual )   .  .  . 
And the backlash against activist judges in Mass .  continues:
Still
Hmmm
I disagree .  Well maybe technically .  Let's look at it this way .  Criminals' access to guns may even go slightly up
Brain size is relevant compared to the rest of the body - its the proportions that matter .  If you're small then you can have a smaller brain
I meant a decision that the majority of the population has made in regards to legislation . 
Really ?  Do you know how many people get shot in the UK ?  Handgun violence has gone up . 
Second
You keep bringing up the Red Cross .  The majority of donators to the Red Cross are most likely Christians as well
I don't think the point was to come up with an exact number of gun laws .  The point was to show that the 20
What should the world look like with the very different set of physics
I wrote a huge post on how animals emerge pre-adapted
There the remains of a dead aniomal
temperature
Whether an all-out ban on guns is good or bad  ( or constitutional ) 
No
How does it not refute creationism ?  Creationism states that the world is 7
Every system has its flaws .  Does that mean that we should abolish every system ? 
Not really .  That's the fallacy of exclusion of the middle .  Because there are only two choices
Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man .  That is the analogy I gave
So if Utah made a law or a governor stated that christians didn't need protection because of their beliefs even if there were incidents of anti chrisitan beating and harassment let alone murder for their beliefs you would just say let states have their own laws ? 
Personally i don't believe in abortion .  It's morally wrong and i think it's good that it's illegal . 
If you're prepared to eat livestock feed you've got a plan . 
I'm now slightly less confused about why I've never seen this discussed before . 
No
with regards to the cousins argument if a creature evolves into a new species wouldn't the old species not exist any more ? 
What makes a rape and incest baby any less precious then a regular baby and why it is okay to abort them but not the later ? 
yeah
described as being unknowable  ( which you have said your god is )  . 
i am trying to show that in fact the crime rate is increasing
For you
I gave you the name and a thumbnail .  .  . if you aren't bright enough to go look at a bigger picture than I can't help you . 
Archangel is right on this one .  It's completely absurd to compare a tumour to a healthy fetus
With that established
That would most likely  ( imo )  reduce the number of abortions performed .  It would depend
BUt it comes down to gay people being harmed by not being allowed to marry .  Any time a group is excluded because of someone elses religious beliefs that group is harmed . 
As it stands in the uk a father has no sat whatsoever in the welfare of the baby/fetus if his partener wants to terminate he need never even be told . 
And how many murderers have got away with it because they lured their victim to their home ?  And how many people have got away with killing someone just for trespassing . 
Court: Seattle police OK to stun pregnant womanBy GENE JOHNSON ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITERSEATTLE -- Three Seattle police officers were justified when they used a stun gun on a pregnant mother who refused to sign a traffic ticket
Once again this only confirms my belief that republicans are evil and celebrate gay oppression . even have one quote . So it seems that gay people and our families are to remain 2nd class citizens to preserve this evil mans heterosexual privledge .  How is it that the way he was brought up is more important then protecting gay people ?  What of they way gay people were brought up ?  What about the threat to our freedom that Brian Kolb and his evil religion and political party represents ?  I was brought up by my father
They are different terms and apply to different things .  Secularism is not a worldview in itself
On what grounds do you seek to redefine the institution of marriage from it's accepted standard in this country ? 
Ironically
and some people were saying They are just that close in showing how life could come from non-life . 
The inanity in defence of guns continues unabated .  The poor shooter probably thought
Where does one need faith
2 )  Along the same lines
birth rate - 7-10 kidsBirth rate in UK - below 2 .  .  .  . And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world .  .  .  DUH  !  !  !  THEY care about life more than the free world .  .  .  . I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb .  .  . Need i say more .  .  . 
Each owns his own body ?  Are you talking about the woman or the child in the womb ? 
do you think she was the same person she was when in a coma as she is when coherent ?  do you believe that if her mind was transported to another person that she would still be in her body and not in her mind ? 
Either way
Hi SS .  Causing trouble again ?  : ) The cat experiment you describe cannot
the only stupid gun laws are the laws that arent strict enoughlike the law that gun nuts wanted that would allow children to tote around assault rifleshow stupid can you be
I'm not surprised that no one on your side of the debate would correct you
3 )  There's no evidence for the Big BangSadly
In my veiw
Did anyone else expect anything less ?  These evil fundie christianists can have affairs
You could put it in the form of a resolution
If you're after concealment my favorite and regular carry is the Kel-Tec  . 380 . Fits in the watch pocket of a pair of Levis
DC has a law that human and civil rights can not be put up for a vote  .  .  . 
Regarding the Exodus passage: Why should men fighting each other
There are a few fictional works which addressed this possibility and brought up interesting points .  One is Aldous Huxley's book Brave New World .  In it
Question No .  3 is very different than No .  1 .  You suggested an affirmative to any of the three would result in the loss of one's CCW .  I don't buy that . 
Some argue that the mountains weren't that tall yet .  That makes no sense whatsoever given the rates of tectonic plate drift .  Plates move at 1 inch a year .  That's 500 feet over 6
You completely miss the point here .  A long time ago with the Native American creation stories some of them believed that the Earth was flat .  It was just a belief
LOL !  And 'basically' .  .  banning firearms  ( as often proposed by many democRATS )  is 'reasonable' ?  Get bent ! 
You still haven't showed us where he is a self proclaimed Conservative Christian rather than just a conservative republican OP .  Would you care to support that claim with actual evidence or is it your intent to once again just lump everyone on the Right into the same pot of Funamental Christianity so as to slander us all as a group  ?  Is that your idea of fair and honest debating  ?  Some might take lies about them as personal slanderous attacks on their character and respond in kind .  I thought you believed in elevating the quality of debate to being intellectually honest  ? 
LOL Kronus - my wife and I don't sit around the dinner table debating evolution either
Where'd you get the idea that Vitter was a Fundamental Christian ?  He's a Roman Catholic
:It probably would have been better if Scalia had said to himself when the case was brought before the court
If abortion is made illegal I predict that you will see across the border abortion clinics
There will be more guns on the street whether the Court hears the case or not or regardless of how the Court might rule: gun laws don't effect criminals . 
  tiahrt to holder: read the tiahrt amendment before drawing false conclusions  
I'm not clutching or crowing .  I'm simply pleased everytime I hear that another atheist has changed his/her mind about the existence of a supreme being . 
We thought it would take roughly a million years for bacteria to evolve enzymes capable of digesting nylon  ( because the compound is so different than any they were able to digest )  but it took less than a century .   . 
You're so entrenched in your own world and nothing outside of it
Because they knew full well that the bulk of the confiscated weapons never came from the United States ! 
*Yes
This is not evolution .  It is not a mutation .  This is adaptaion . 
It means life is holistic
Ah so
Note also this false statement from a Survival of the fittest is a poor way to think about evolution .  Darwin himself never used the phrase .  What Darwin said is that heritable variations lead to differential reproductive success .  This is not circular or tautologous .  It is a prediction which can be
the problem then is
I disagree with your decision .  It would have been better if you sucked it up and kept the kid .  Even if you ended up on the street at least you wouldn't have killed anyone .  I dont mean to be judgemental
I have refuted this before
It can certainly be a false theory
I went about this wrong .  I am meaning that it would take millions of years for wings to evolve .  During these millions of years
I've heard pro-gunners accuse Bellesiles of being a fraud over and over again .  I went searching on the web for a more objective source of information about Bellesiles .  And pro-gunners seem to be inconsistent because they still praise John Lott .  Michael Bellesiles has posted his raw data online for those who claim he has fabricated data .  http://www . bellesiles . com/
Isaac Newton sought out the hand of God
since evolutionism and creationism are both attempting to answer the same question
What are you talking about ample time ?  I starting following this tread last afternoon ?  What is your point ? 1 )  Did the NRA and KKK ever burn a cross together ? 2 )  Does Lockheed Martin in Colorado build nukes
It gets worse .  I went to a presentation of Creation Science once and this 80 year old archaeologist told me that before the flood
Stop moving the goal posts .  My point was that the Supreme Court has been wrong before so assuming that the Supreme Court is always correct about an issue is unjustified . 
First of all
a bump of the topic .  it seems that any evolutionist with any knowledge of this topic has either quit this board or been banned .  yet there is no response by creationists .  why is that ?  is it that garioch is correct ?  is it that creationists are making assertions without understanding what they are talking about ?  if creationists are talking from a position of knowledge then there should be a creationist discussion of gastralia
Its not even allowed in Minnesota . 
HOW OFTEN do you see people change their minds based on somebody fighting for gay rights ? I have seen it
with tens of millions of gun owners
Athiesim has no such standard
 .  .  .  here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew
Do not deceive yourself into thinking that literal Biblical Creation would be proved true if evolution were proven false .  We would need a third theory . 
You ONLY post anti-Christian threads
This is despite the fact that there are real variations between species that make a real difference in fitness . 
actually
then your argument too is flawed by the same principals of debate . 
And this is a terrific breakthrough .  My partner and I are coveered by my company's health insurance
One reptile has a type of third eye
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God ?  : ) 
That may be true
They do provide many more services than providing abortions :P
hmm
ON the subject of your starting arguments
So what activates genes ? When a gene product is needed
Astronomers have debated Arp's assertion that quasars are related to peculiar galaxies since the late 1960's . 
All of the observations that we see today can be explained without creation and evolution !  Neither are needed in the explanations . 
And
If enough people sign a petition the process to amend the constitution is started .  This bill would exclude matters of civil rights from the subjects which would be valid targets of this process .  Get it now ? 
Yea the legalizatioin of drugs would cause an epedimic of problems .  Crime
I am curious however
If the flood never happened  ( an assumption ) 
Without language
The navy
We didn't discover it
Diseases used to be ascribed to God and it was thought that those people who got sick deserved to be sick because of their lack of piety .  Now we know that diseases strike indiscriminately  ( where piety is concerned )  and affect people only based on their risk of acquiring the virus and their general state of health .  There are many other examples . 
that all modern day humans are descendants of Homo-erectus and Neandertals  ( both fully human ) 
Are you refering to Japan or some hypothetical police state ? 
They can marry whomever they love .  Benefits though
There IS an intrinsic
I can understand your point that
The genetic difference between human and his nearest relative
The fossil record does not support this .  So
the child in the womb feels pain .  . when you put the needle up there to try to give the child anestesia in the womb
Sounds like a caper to me
Weren't these police officers armed ? 
It turns out
a rational explanation of what caused the big bang etc . 
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries .  I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so . 
Recessive genes come into action is the primary gene is not present .  But I think you will find that the peppered moths have come in two varieties before the industrial revolution . 
The criminalization of abortion was the real abuse of power .  It was mostly done by a few sexist and political oppertunist members of the AMA to stop women from practicing medicine and by xenophobic/racist Protestant groups who feared a non-white/non-Protestant majority here in America after the Civil War cleared out many of them . 
If the American system of government is so terrible
Since posts are disappearing anyway
mercy and killing should never be put together . there is no such thing as having so much compassion that justifies you putting a toddler to death .  Dont people realize that children are gifts and not something that should be taken so lightly as to steep so low in stopping a beating heart all for the sake of selfishness and convenience for one's self .  .  There is absolutely no thought whatsoever in the baby
i doubt it .  a story on the news today .  those who have firearms in their homes are more likely to die of murder and are more likely to die from suicide .  interesting . 
I would love to see more discussion of views that are in between the two extremes of abortion illegal at all times
however
WHom do you see ?  Just the lower class ?  Jp either your blind
Pro choice is pro child is pro family . Having access to contraception and to abortion if contraception fails or for other reasons strengthens the family . 
Oh really ?  Some day a court case is going to come around and it's ultimately going to be decided that the Second Amendment isn't an individual right but rather a collective one ?  What'll keep new court cases from coming up now that there's precedent and the ultimate determination will be that nobody in the country has any rights of any sort ? 
And to think that the God in question needs someone to acknowledge their presence as their lord and master before this all covering evil falls away
Sorry I missed your thread on that .  It sounds like you are mainly concerned with health issues that could very potentially lead to the mother's death and or/complete debilitation  ( like paralysis ) 
This statement is wrong .  People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born
Ten gunned down in southern Alabama . At least seventeen gunned down in Germany . On Monday
If somebody is not an evolutionist to you he/she is not really ascientist is he ? 
I keep hearing gays say that but every time it's put to a vote
There is a teleology in the universe
The thing is
Ugh
I find it interesting that the stars create the clouds and inturn the clouds form into stars .  One vicious cycle with no begining .  In a forum devoted to origin you offer the explainiation of no origin at all but rather meaningless existence .  This is the main problem I have with evolution and it's application to physical sciences .  A cycle with no begining has indeed no forseeable end .  Therefore on a personal level I have no hope of changing anything .  Things were
maybe repealing the assault weapons ban wasnt such a good ideado I hear some gun nuts saying oops
You know what I find amusing here .  .  . your entire argument revolves around how it will affect your wallet .  Forget about the lives of the people who are denied rights in this country that you take forgranted .  That is the true christian-American spirit isn't it ?  Oh how proud our forefathers would be if they could see us now .  .  . oh wait .  .  . most of them owned people .  .  . nevermind . 
Removal of body parts by whatever means does not change the dna of the rest of the body .  The sperm cells and eggs are not affected by the loss of unrelated body parts . 
The English government has effectively abolished the right of Englishmen
Indeed .  Many people don't realize that the commandment is not thou shalt not kill
DNA is just a representative of what we are
 .  .  . yet the types of mutations that are required for cumulative selection have never been observed . 
The Civil Union argument is a disingenuous one . Those people who are fighting against the rights of gays to marry do not want to see same-sex couples receive any rights or recognitions of their relationships .  The authors of all those constitutional amendments ensured that there were no recognition of any other types of relationships in their wording . Why should any of us settle for something that these very same people are going to attempt to deny anyway ? 
Then why are you and other antis so hung up on preserving it for your exclusive use ? 
So with that
Because your mommy and daddy told you no
In contrast
Is global warming a real threat or is it just a hoax ? 
It appears to me
the big news here has nothing to do with dinosaurs and chickens: it's that proteins were found in dinosaur bones after supposedly 68 million years . 
TQ doesn't
Humans are the same way .  Oh
It sounds to me that this new enzymatic activity came from non-coding dna switching on a gene to produce it .  That is what one would expect to find . 
Or by not granting them to the child you are endangering the rights of the child carried by the woman .  You are giving her a dictatorship . 
We are up to our eyeballs in intermediate fossils
Cops deal with tense every day
Any two adults can run the household
Another strawman . Explain to me how new information and new features equals to new structures and body parts . 
I have not studied evolution according to your way of thinking . 
And without a gun you're defenseless
Yeah
As I'm sure you know
Of course .  Look at who spread AIDS to everyone - gays .  Look at who had it first - gays  ( first one was from a man who did beastiality in Africa ) 
I think most Americans are not against Civil Unions for gays so this is no big deal
If it doesn't submit to you peacefully then you shall besiege it .  .  . and put all it's males to the sword .  .  . and take the women and children as you spoils .  - Deut .  20:12 - Love your enemies ?  ?  ?  ? 
So tell me this; how many people do you think he killed with that piece of thinking . 
Wow
I assert that reproduction is not an absolute requirement of life
That is not exactly true .  There is written law going 2500+ years back and death penalty was not the most common punishment used .  It was used only for specific crimes
It is a nanny state where wealth is redistributed on a whim
A fairer comparison for science as a whole would be the inner way of thinking and knowing
please incurage him to post his report .  or if he would not like to
I personally think that abortion is wrong .  I think that a fetus is still a baby .  I do think that abortion can be okay but only if the mother's life is in danger
Marriage is between a man and a woman .  If we allow marriage to be redefined to include same-sex couples
Too bad evolution is a scientific theory and an empirically verified fact .   
Maybe they did it on purpose ?  They push through the amendment to quiet the RR while the issue is a hot botton topic
The simple fact is
One of these aspects of existence which we arbitarily believe in is cause and effect .  Another is the external world .  A third is the consciousness of others .  A fourth is the past etc .  etc . 
I support legalization of every drug .  I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like Marijuana will kill you .  Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you .  It is impossible .  It takes 20
Later in a statement Ridgway said that murdering young women was his career . 
Or perhaps you meant things like inheritance rights
I to have been wondering exactly how same sex marriages would pose a danger to male-female marriages . I've never gotten an answer and I don't think anyone has one . 
Abortion in colonial America:Book Review - The Angel of Ashland: Practicing Compassion and Tempting Fate
How do you explain the change of appearance of the animals over time
Oh
Just because it can't be classified as bird or reptile doesn't mean that it's a link .  Where are the fosils showing it evolving from a bird or reptile ?  That's right
The Planned Parenthood Motto is EVERY CHILD A WANTED CHILD . '
Richard Leakey: If I were going to draw a family tree for man
Any random change in a complex
Sounds contradictory to me ! 
 .  . and that responsibility and accountability is on both famale and male that created  the means to form the child . 
Originally Posted by Galileo Why do people on the pro-gun side continuously try to oversimplify the issue ?  No one is really arguing that there would be zero murder without guns .  The question is would there be less murders without guns .  In developed nations with stricter gun laws there are less murders .  At any rate
Then there is the argument that flaws in the death penalty lay with the judiciary system
I live in Utah and every public school has a building on the grounds called the seminary . 
No one said he invented guns ! 
Often abortion supporters convey their message as one of championing the cause of freedom of choice and resistance of the oppression of others values on women .  Perhaps this should be posted as a poll but I wonder if this support for choice remains consistent . Do those who support the choice of abortion also support the choice to bear children ?  Do they abhor the imposition of the one child rule on the women of China for example ?  The woman's choice is restricted and the ideals of the government are imposed upon her .  Do those here who support the freedom of choice of abortion denounce China's policies and support the freedom of choice of bearing children ? There are also some areas in India where a person running for an elected office cannot have more than two children  ( there are obvious implications of this policy on what the makeup of the ruling government will be and how it will institute policy )  .  Do those supporting the choice of abortion denounce this policy as a restriction of choice ? Or do environmental and population concerns outweigh and assume more importance than the freedom of choice in the above examples ? 
Alex found exactly the same sequence of primes linked to the same series of biblical messages . 
I don't see anyone protesting at this joke .  A good joke is at least based on some reality . 
Funny how the truth so often tends to have an anti-Christian bias . If you can find something untrue in the article
Well this is what i am saying .  The probability of a and b in one organism i very low .  And the probability of A and B in many generations is lower than just A .  
You mean what you got was an eye opening shocker into the world of leftist propaganda
And if men strive together
emoticonXIdea the baby belongs to GOD
 ( Oh
It would be bad enough if it was just the teacher chewing gum and telling the students don't chew gum .  But it doesn't stop there .  The teacher makes the rule no gum chewing in class .  Then later that same day she instructs Billy and Sally to chew gum .  Johnny sees this and decides to chew gum too
I
Here you reveal exactly what I've just spoken of--you assume that science and the scientific method equates to
Rubbish
I have read the opinions and conclusions reached in several internet entries and I can see how they would largely persuade someone to think that the side-by-side dinosaur and human prints in stone do not exist .  However
  There are quite a lot of other differences between modern human and neaderthals other than just 'brain size' . Well
It does mean they are all the same
This discussion is kind of unrelated to abortion because a link between abortion being wrong and someone not helping another in need doesn't exist .  If you believe thief is wrong you don't have to become a police officer to show this . To answer your question .  .  . who knows
No
Evolutionists have taught for decades that the second law of thermodynamics—the entropy principle that things naturally decrease in complexity rather than increase—poses no barrier to evolution .  Their claim is that while there is an overall downhill trend in nature
I wouldn't say one can't be a Christian if they support abortion but I find it really hard to understand how one justifies or rectifies it with the Bible or their faith .  Ultimately their are responsible to God for what they believe and how they advise others on what to do in a situation based on that belief .  I know that one of the things God HATES and there aren't many things mentioned in the bible that He hates
In my post I presented several reasons as to why they should have changed .  .  . everything from a changed environment down to genetic drift . 
where do concepts come from when all that exist is matter
While ALL gods can not be shown to exist
asahi . com ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? Unloaded rifle on TV triggers controversy - EnglishOTSU
Oh it's no mistake Montalban .  I
This is what it has come down to .  The scientific world is in sad
Science helps those who seek to understand God in a more profound way
I AM interested in what Supersport thinks about how his ideas will get wider respect and how he thinks this will change our society . 
1 ) Reptile develops feathers .  They offer reduced protection .  They itch .  Rustle in the bush .  Feathers devolve . 
1 )  All organisms tend to produce more offspring than can possibly survive . 
And what type of objectivist views do you have toward gay issues if I may ask ? I'm assuming gay issues may seem irrelevant since they probably don't pertain to you well
Among the criticisms of Kettlewell's original predation experiments  ( and these were first raised by Kettlewell
There are many scientists that say this is true
If men strive
And it takes this long for the obvious to be said .  .  . http://story . news . yahoo . com/news ? tmp .  .  . s/gay_marriage
An intelligent designer would design a system to produce the product as easily as possible . 
We've got a major problem and it's not with the legislature
But I do take offence at you characterizing my ability to reason logically and to think with some originality as being nothing more than 'manipulation' and sophistry . 
omegamon_x said something in another thread that that raised some questions in my mind: mainly: why ?  specifically
So you don't support Connecticut passing a civil union law ? 
More than 350 people are the victim of knife assaults every day in England and Wales
Some people attempt to explain unknown causes in nature by God's direct intervention .  This has been called
Many who voted for this said as much .  They're hoping that in a few years gays will actually get full rights .  We can only hope . 
The flood opened waters of the deap splitting the contenints and begining the drift . 
Said repeal would have to be signed by the President
I think a lot of people are uncomfortable dealing with this issue so they choose to focus a lot on personal self defense against criminals instead of what the Second Amendment is mainly or solely about . 
You should really think about what you say before you say it .  I have heard this before and its garbish
I think it might show the true character of some people .  .  .  I may disagree with you and others but I won't go spray painting your house or tearing down any ad you put up .  Whatever happened to respect for others ?  This applies to pro-life and pro-choice by the way . 
mercy and killing should never be put together . there is no such thing as having so much compassion that justifies you putting a toddler to death .  Dont people realize that children are gifts and not something that should be taken so lightly as to steep so low in stopping a beating heart all for the sake of selfishness and convenience for one's self .  .  There is absolutely no thought whatsoever in the baby
--------------------------------------------------------------------------How are we to know that there has not been a few hundred
The mentally disabled are not able to drive .  They depend on level-headed
PS 58:8 Slugs and/or snails melt as they move . somewhat true
18-19 year olds anyway .  It's still illegal for over the counter under the age of 18 . Wait a minute
Can someone explain to me how Noah took mosquitoes on the ark ?  Those abominations need sitting water to hatch and develop .  A boat being toss around like a toy is hardly going to have pools of sitting water .  Plus what did all of the insectivores eat for 40 days ?  emoticonXBye
That's true
They shot another guy because he was black . 
I'm against gay marriage and have been happily married for 31 years
Why should they kill a human being in the womb
grow for their complete lives .  So although there was a slightly higher oxygen level
I would like to address the theory of evolution point-by-point .  Since I do not want to misrepresent the theory
i didn't mention evolution in this topic .  you did . 
If they remain striaight then it's they were never really gay .  Talk about biases . 
I'll trust anybody that's not government funded
Thought I'd start a new thread dedicated to this myth .  . 
All of a sudden in the last 10 years they are trying to convice us that homosexuality is not wrong its a choice
So is it safe to say you may be for pro-ignorance ?  With technology ANSWERS become clear . Everything cost money .  Education cost money
One of the guns used at Columbine was a Tec-9
And in any case
interesting that those three are also the weakest and rarest of arguments when arguing for gun control .  in fact
Anyhow
What I found is in the 10 pages of threads in this forum
The crime rates: not even mention guns . 
For the life of a creature is in the blood
After all
Because if you can murder the unborn to prevent its suffering
That's the opinion I hold
Butwhat of the fetus/babies that were wanted by daddy but not by mummy what does termination stop then ? 
Yes i believ in a young Earth .  However at the end of the creation week it was fully mature .  I can easily see why men can say it looks old . 
Assuming this right exists .  .  .  . you could say that you have no right to kill it though
if something happens to the people who are named on the website as a direct result of the website then i would say a great deal of justice is due and the burden of guilt is on the one who runs the website .  maybe i should give a list of all the homosexuals in my community to a group of drunk rednecks .  .  .  this is as bad as the registered sex offender list . 
Fortunately
Then
I am not saying what the criminals did was right
The only gun control laws that I really support are the laws stating that you may not carry a gun in certain places .  While yes
did you miss the part where it is .  .  .  the attempt to abort .  which kills the women . it is not child birth that kills those women . it is an attempt to abort . if they didnt try and kill their baby .  .  they would not of died . Having a child
How many men who are single fathers and take sole responiblity for thier children because the women refuses to do so will you find if you go looking ?  A few yes
Second
Abortions hurt much more than they heal .  Not just phsyically  ( Side effects can occure months afterward )  but psychologically as well .  Guilt
archie
Bingo .  This is spot on .  Why suggest a repeal of the entirety of DOMA if you support the policy established by part of DOMA ?  And I repeat my earlier observation: if DOMA is such a travesty
I wasn't thinking the term 'micro-evolution' but that does work . My point was that the idea of evolution is a gradual change over a long period of time .   ( I've never head the term macro-evolution  ( nor micro-evolution honestly )  but I assume that's what it is until you suggest different .  ) I guess the change in beak size is more noticeable than gradual .  My point for asking the question was from the selection that you quoted .  I point out what stuck out to me .  .  . What I saw was that if the finch are evolving a smaller beak because of the larger billed recent immigration
‘The philosophy of experimental science…began its discoveries and made use of its methods in the faith
Ironic
ahhh
In fact
the only case that I know of in which a court has ruled that the second amendment is an individual right is US vs Emerson .  On the other hand
It does highlight how criminals have easy access to weapons simply through burglary . 
I agree .  .  .  it's just too bad sometimes with young adults they don't think about what might happen
As far as I can see
The Violinist Argument: this was brought up in the 'I think abortion is OK to an extent' thread .  Personally I don't believe in an absolutely rights-based system
there all types of denominations of the catholic religion .  however
Look at the fossil record .  They say each level of earth represents millions of years .  .  .  . and these millions of years were necessary because it took animals that long to change via RM + NS -- and indeed it might .  But heck
Not to get off the subject too far but if we could find a way to splice this into our own genetics we could cure world hunger and make it much easier to colonize other planets . 
This entire issue was dealt with on this threat here
Nearly all informed evolutionists will admit that without billions of years their theory is dead . 
Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ
The tactics pro-lifers use make the Nazis look like the little league . 
Lets break this down .  Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts
Bullrah !  Bullrah !  Bunk !  BS !  Batchips !  Cat crapola and bunches of stuff like that ! 
In 1927
3a )  If you do the math
Modern Atheists have only been around for a short time .  In biblical times
We aren't that rich
Maybe Massachusetts should allow for divorces via notarized mail by non-residents or whatever else is needed to make it easier to do so remotely and more timely
If I was to ask a religious person of a provable way that he found out about his belief he would have to say that he was told .  If the person that told him was asked the same thing he would have to say the same answer .  Now of course it can go back wards like that for ever
It's been a long standing standard that if the only motivation for a law
First off
Why don't I have a right to drive ?  What objective standard are you using to determine what I do and do not have a right to do ? 
I believe fully in the ENTIRE Bible  ( unlike some people )  and I DO NOT pick and choose what I believe . 
*43% of women will have had at least one abortion by the time they are 45 years old . /list
True
Hate to burst your ballon
It's a step toward legal same-sex marriage in another jurisdiction .  As it becomes legal in more areas
But why do you think that doubt limits people's ideas ? If anything it helps to expand them . 
According to the Old Testament
Caged reasoning on both sides but yet each faction has a similiar goal; to decline the rate of abortion .  Pro-lifers feel that legal restriction to outright criminalization will complete this goal .  Pro-choicers feel that the means to control fertility through contraception will do .  I believe moderate pro-lifers and pro-choicers can come to a comfortable compromise . 
You may not have intended to
If the UK were consistant then you may have a point .  But you Anti-Social
You make some great points but she could carry the baby to term and then put it up for adoption .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . There are long lists of people wanting to adopt babies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . I know a couple that waited 5 years and then adopted a child from South Korea .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . Why does the innocent baby have to forfeit its life ? 
then there is little chance of consensus because other groups or religions come up with other arbitrary set of rules and we are back to the situation of
I am not limited to patellar responses . 
What does this have to do with what you started out with .  Can't you at least pick a topic and stick with it ?  You wander all over the place and only demonstrate you problems in understand written English . * Get an education . 
Reptile develops feathers .  They offer reduced protection . 
OK
A curse ?  If you don't agree with it that's one thing .  Many people have died because of Christianity . 
lol .  That's silly .  Scientific facts keep changing
Now look here
We are talking about constitutional rights .  In that case
The California judge would probably not have the authority to refer to the Federal Constitution; it would have to be taken to the Federal Courts for that . 
You can believe it all you want .  .  . If you don't believe in abortion and you don't believe in any kinda of birth control then that is your belief .  .  . it doesn't contradict itself . 
My point here is that it could be argued very reasonably as to whether or not a fertilized egg
No
I was just following your logic to its ultimate logical conclusion .  Liberals don't give a damn about individual freedom; they want governmental control over all aspects of your life .  They want gov't control of healthcare because they think we're too dumb to fend for ourselves .  They want to indoctrinate our kids in school because they don't trust parents to be parents .  The list of liberal intrusisms into our lives is endless . 
CASE 2: What about if you disagreed with how much the government is taxing you .  Lets say your tax rate is 25% but you thought that was too much
There are lots of facts that support it  .  The anthropic principle 
Apparently
By definition
Even though you don't have the proof to support human creation by God
We supposedly evolved from simplistic monkeys to what we are today . 
First Paragraph:christianity is living a lifstyle patterned after the teachings
I think his point is paulie
No
Folks should be aware that every state in the United States except Florida allows gay people to adopt as single parents .  The issue comes in many states when a same-sex spouse tries to adopt as a second parent .  Some states permit this and some states do not .  It's weird indeed that all states except one allow single gay people to adopt children
It's kind of silly that you call it a clump of cells
So
True
Even with the Supreme Court ruling
my opinion
So that if a cecal valve became necessary the lizard was ready to go .  Having the built-in redundancy makes this possible without missing a beat . 
You clam something can be outside the scope of knowledge  ( science )  .  To claim so is a contradiction
one extreme example !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  this is the vpc they claim to be for 'moderate gun control laws' they used to be hci .  this is one of the largest anti-civil rights groups operating in the us
Perhaps too much bible has rotted your brain ? 
i'm not exactly sure your point with this article .  was it merely to show that pro-choice groups exaggerate claims ?  that they use emotional rhetoric to sway people to their side ?  trust me
It has a chance .  Any scientist has the opportunity to study ID .  We are discussing the science classroom .  We already teach it as a hypothesis in most schools .  But it simply should not be taught as a valid alternative to evolution .  That's what this debate is over . 
Global warming may or may not be the result of what humans are doing
The universe with all its order and harmony indicate a Wise Creator .  All this creation cannot come to existence accidentally or spontaneously . 
in great britain the police have been arresting children for playing with toy guns .  natalie and darren
To me
#4 - How do we know without a doubt the world is billions of years old ? 
Obviously
OK
I can't recall the name of this particular fallacy
Seven million people have applied for criminal background checks since November in an effort to buy guns
unkerpaulieI think your analogy breaks down with a little thought .  If I have a check for a million dollars and I take it to a copy machine and make a copy
The suspect
Not arguing with creationists This is not because I cannot answer their arguments
This would also explain why evolutionists cannot give us any example of random mutations that could lead to cumulative selection -- because they don't exist . 
Is it not even remotely possible that Bush isn't perfect ? 
I don't suppose any evolutionist have realized that all the evidence for evolution is also evidence for ID . 
Yes - and ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  The post I responded to completely down-plays the impact on a woman's body .  I am merely pointing that out . 
Explain what you mean by the laws of physics .  : ) 
There doesn't have to be a defined shot calling leadership of it any more than there has to be one in Judeo Christianity .  The two are actually comparable - Christianity gets its leadership/organization through Biblical reference and church leadership .  Evolution gets its leadership/organization through the philosophical writings of everyone from Herbert Spencer to Richard Dawkins . 
Everyone is welcome to give their opinion on public gun possession here-whether you're for or against gun control  ( or does gun possession justifies itself )  and please state the reasons as well .  I would really appreciate it if you guys could include some extra informations regarding this issue . 
You can make the statement 'Based on the current available evidence
You are a Christian
by simply calling a fetus a parasite and thus daintily strutting off away from one's obvious duties
Let them make the descision .  Of course I don't know if they are better off
If we try to weed out the irresponsible ones
I don't think this approach is all that new
IM2L844: The Biotic Message Theory suggest the teleological goal for biotic reality is to communicate to humans that there is one Designer and author of life
And all having a real
In the following example that you provided: What is the context of the word 'truncated' ?  The way I read it - it is talking about a truncated string of code or something .  What was truncated ? 
the death penalty works . No convicted fellon excecuted by the state of Texas has evr gone on to kill again . 
Ok according to the bible God only created the first two beings
There are many
Let me rephrase
Don't you dare try and give me a lecture about cherry picking !  All you ever do is cherry pick !  You come around about once a month
How about: A woman wakes up to find herself connected to a body .  A body without a brain
Test hypothesis:  ( of course
Wow a statement that is both honest and correct from a creationist !  Will wonders never cease ! 
So you are saying that because the gun is of value you should just let the burgular take everything else of value
Then explain to me why a pregnant woman was hit by a car not long ago leading to the death of both mother and baby .  Resulting in a double vehicular homicide charge being leveled against the driver  ?  How can that be if the unborn child doesn't have rights as a human being  ?  And why could the mother have aborted that baby legally if she chose to  ?  Isn't that a true catch 22 for the unborn
Gun sales are booming nationwide — and in Erie County
  Man stabs
actually haven't read all of this article yet
See Sarge's post about Ted Kennedy being listed .  What did he do that would make him get on the terrorist watch list ? 
I don't think pro-choicers in general care whether or not abortion is truly rare .  If they did they would put more effort into making sure it is rare
I'm against abortion but pro-choice .  Whether the fetus is human is not something that I think is really relevant to the matter
Don't they get that the whole pro-choice movement is based in a desire to make sure that ever child is a wanted child ? 
Apparently
Yeah !  The NRA is just encouraging a Wild West shootouts in our streets !  Yeah
I got the information from:Finally
And
Anyone displaying the level of paranoid thinking displayed in the above post should be a natural for a senior NRA position
It cannot change the way it was created .  If the life of the mother is threatened then there is no winner: one will die and one will live or they will both die . 
Einstein's brain had unusual structures in it
Of those that are beneficial
Evolution is a change in the frequency in alleles in a population over time . 
Who on earth worships the Koran ?  What makes you think a catholic is likely to molest a child .  There is also a big difference between beliefs and actual ownership of a deadly weapon .  I also do not see how this affects anyone's constitutional rights .  You may have the right to keep and bear arms
Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts
Stick to your guns Doc for about Finland you know s****The Finns were de facto allies of Nazi Germany
Sadly policy needs no law for justifucation .  The VA is a law unto themselves as anyone who has delt with them finds out . 
This may seem like a dumb question but I have a point .  When two cats “fall in love
You wouldn't want the perp to be disadvantaged too much now would you ?  How many shots must one allow the perp before you can fire back ? 
You can have all sorts of discussion about pain etc .  You can come up with useful ways of helping people cope .  However when you fully understand and aspect of pain in terms of nerve impulses and how your fancy painkiller stops them that is a better result .  So restricting yourself to what you can measure can have results and should not be dismissed as bad because all restrictions are bad . 
Government is violence . 
Do local civilian firearm regulations apply to soldiers on military bases ? Can soldiers bring their private firearms on base ?  I thought not . 
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic .  I don't want this to turn into a debate
citizens would need to have machine guns
How am I not defending the scraps of Creationism ? 
Most abortions are consentual
Thanks Archangel
To apathy:Call me crazy
Halton Arp is far from suppressed . Any complaints about telescope time echo the complaints of astronomers everwhere that have to clamor and compete for the same telescopes . 
So what else is new ?  Does Texas support the death penalty ? 
and al shots in the ten range .  And in response to Zachvac i mean guns not arms  ( as in nukes )  but im fine with automatics and such in the right hands . 
If anything
Since you brought up the questions
Well it all depends on who is going to determine right
Peeling
I'm new to this idea that science has over-ruled Creation .  Please explain . 
This guy has been debating me for almost a year now .  .  . I thought I would share one of his post with you .  What do you guys think ?  The pictures did not come out .  .  . sorry about that . 
So you're saying that the ones who're eligible to carry a gun
Other apes can also be taught these same concepts - to a more limited degree
I don't know what I think about this .  Personally
For this to be a consistent pro-choice argument
Geologic time/millions of years ago  ( mybp ) /days per year late Precambrian/900mybp/487 days earliest Cambrian Period/600mybp/424 days early Ordovician Period/500mybp/412 days middle Devonian Period/370mybp/398 days Permo-Triassic boundary/245mybp/386 days Jurassic Park/180mybp/381 days end Cretaceous  ( Chixulub ) /65mybp/371 days
Over the years these “educated” people through the media as journalist and movie/television writers began sharing their preliminary understanding of evolution as indisputable fact . 
Furthmore - whether an individual deserves rights should NEVER be a voting matter .  What an utterly disgusting concept . 
If you want to challenge my assertion that these are transitional you will need to understand a bunch of words that you may have never heard before
3 .  The scientific effect involved is always at the very limit of detection . 
The day when you have to walk into that abortion clinic and make that decision
I was responding to her signature . 
Please
iindentCanada has hate speech/crimes laws and regulations and Canadian Christians
Any novel change/mutation in expression at the organismic level that cannot be directly linked to a novel genetic mutation can only be EAM
What amazes me is someone could actually believe a constitutional ban on gay marriage is in anyway a contributing factor to divorce rates . 
I don't discount that it happens
Since then it has become the holy grail of the scientific community in explaining how Time and Space began . 
What you mean is that we should pretend that creationism has some sort of legitimate basis in reality ?  The definitions were accurate .  It would be different if someone could actually offer a scientific theory of creation .  How about some evidence to support the theory . By the way
Like evolution
So they  ( pro-life peeps )  say abortion is murder .  Of course
There is a right to own property and to travel as recognized by the US Supreme Court . 
If it's all that endless and limitless
Slave owners weren't demanding people own slave
Some Iowa county recorders say they have contemplated refusing to give a marriage license to gay couples who walk into the office
A more logical explanation is that there may have been racist gun laws during a certain time period but gun control isn't inherently racist . 
The idea of abortion as population control is absurd
Those who have firearms in their homes are more likely to die of murder
That is an incorrect statement .  Viability seems to be the topic that gets little mention here .  Humanity
Assuredly
Well Whoop-Dee-Doo !  If you want Homosexual Marriage
But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else's own body .  .  . specifically the babies ? 
Another view of this nylon-eating-bug is given .  .  . Finally
A species of Darwin's finch in the Galapagos has evolved a smaller beak to avoid competing with a larger-billed recent immigrant
Careful there Sarge .  Recently liberals in Switzerland were successful in passing a mandate that militia members are no longer allowed to keep their service weapons and ammunition at home . They're no longer safe because of these pansies having their way . 
In other words
 ( 25 .  )  I believe in gun control  ( and wrote this piece to satirize pro-gunners )  because I hate guns and want to see them all banned
you see
When you decide to sin - you are making the decision
I have to disagree with 1 and 3 .  If God exists
 .  .  . to ToE because it means genetic evolution is a fraud .  Evolution
For those who are pro-life
Heck
I have actually been called a heathen because I believe in evolution .  I have been called ignorant .  This damned well gives me the right to call someone mindless if I want to .  The mudslinging occurs on both sides
Won't work .  danger to the mother's life has to cover allowing an abortion if there is a significant risk of psychological damage which might lead to suicide .  Any doctor
Is Sarah Palin being a manly sort when she shoots a wolf from a helicopter ? 
I don't think that there are any marriage rights for anyone gaurenteed by the constitution .  I believe that if marriage is offered to heteros
You liked to David Icke - the guy who beleives that Giant Lizards are secretly running the world today .  .  . you need to take this with a pinch of salt . Anyway
and you consider it drivel because ? the amendement reads:A well regulated militia
So what .  Congress can pass any law it wants .  Doesn't mean it will stand up in court . The first portion
Um .  Have you read Leveticus ?  And I mean
hate to have to spoil things
This isn't interesting at all .  What did these magical light-sensitive cells evolve from ?  What were they before and what event or process caused them to evolve into light sensing cells ?  Why do bats continue to rely on sonar to see ?  Why haven't they evolved eyes over time ?  In my opinion
You are FINALLY catching on .  This is why we go to war against folks like Saddam regarding WMDs
When religion is discredited
Today
But are the mutated fish really a different species or are they merely a race
According to this
If only she'd been allowed to have a gun she could have what ?  Shot or threatened to shoot someone ?  Boys and girls as young as 10
 'Arms' in this context were military arms not the personal weapons of private individuals .  The context of 'depriving of the whole nation of arms' was the refusal of the British to conscript Indians into the British Army during the First World War .  Gandhi was an extreme anti-militarist .  The statement is odd coming out of him
Of course the first step towards eliminating gun violoence is to outlaw guns .  Look at what a gun free utopia New York and Los Angeles have become . 
The phrase #### hits the fan refers to what would happen if such an event occurred
Atheist answer: its relgious PEOPLE that expect us to believe in God .  God himself doesn't have any kind of expectations .  Theist answer: the bible says that without faith its impossible to please God
i have had some experience with this topic .  .  .  my father was murdered when i was 12
Secondly
And what of when you go by some moral standard to determine what is right and wrong in other peoples' lives as well ?  What ?  you don't do that ?  Bull .  You can't tell me you never have an opinion or judgment on anything anyone else does .  But by your logic
The fact is foundit
Well
In short
Actually
I can't claim originality for this proof
He said it in Genisis
What's the point of posting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website ?  Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder .  How come Sadam Hussein was able to kill so many of his subjects although gun ownership was common among the Iraqi public ?  I suppose we could find a way to blame all the world's problems on gun-control .  Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control .  The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century .  It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West
People have claimed that owning a gun makes you more likely to be shot .  Well
On point
I have never heard anyone use the phrase
I know of no one that is pro life believes the mother should die so the baby can live . 
They used to keel over regularly before modern medicine and my wife has been on medication for a thyroid condition ever since she delivered . During the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
And just specifically what parts are those ? Mr .  Bennett seems to think he is above the law
The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else .  In prison
Fair enough .  I'm sorry for making such a newbie mistake .  If there's a way to delete this thread
Please don't neglect the importance of this question since it lies at the very heart of the pro-life view of the beginning of human rights .  If you want women to give up their rights to their own bodies because of the significance of this transition  ( i . e .  conception ) 
When you go to war against your enemies .  .  . suppose you see a beautiful woman whom you desire .  .  . you shall take her .  . and she shall marry you .  - Deut .  21:10
So do Ludwig and Cook .  One problem
Blood relationships are never based on choice
Hi Lisa - I disagree with you .  Babies can't be helped while trivializing and restricting mothers and not recognizing their needs .  There are reasons women choose to abort and those need to be addressed and there will also be cases where women need to abort  ( health concerns
Should it be legalized ?  Yes .  Is it harmful ?  No
Umm .  .  . thats the point of saying God of the Gaps - when science fills in the gaps then there is less for your God to do . This is just pure intentional ignorance - you do realise Peddlar
So we have
And I'll bet the formal list of great physicists who preceded the development of the theory of evolution is meaningful .  I wonder how many of these great physicists also believed that night air could make them ill ?  How many beleived in alchemy
It's finally changed back .  Hopefully it won't continue to go in this back and forth forever .  Fourth change in 8 years . http://timesofindia . indiatimes . com/N .  .  . ow/1614628 . cms
I honestly cannot think of a case were a non-materialistic approach explains something you can measure very well .  Is there something physical explained as well by non-materialistic methods as well as Electricity is explained by materialistic methods ? 
 .  .  .  and is still struggling  .  .  .  to draw any kind of scientific conclusion
Many of us view humanity with mental existence as important .  The only ones you are protecting that our view does not are those human living entities with no mental existence .  How can you even talk about harm to a living entity with no mental existence ? 
simple .  .  .  . many Christians have been deceived .  .  .  . just like Adam and Eve were deceived in the Bible . 
Can you please explain how my views on gun control reveal that I'm racist .  Have I proposed a law which would restrict gun usage for only a certain race ? 
You may be right
Kent Hovind is a slimy
Felony arrest
 ( gen·o·cide - n .  The deliberate and systematic destruction of a national
No
At the time
But that can be tested at whatever level you want to use for kind and shown to be false .  Has been shown to be false by phylogenetic analysis .  No application of the mistaken Razor . 
Here's a quote from mayr regarding selection
I simply mean a member of the species of human .  If something is a member of that species
Furthermore
I see far to many religious people that know absolutely nothing about the universe they live in as a result . 
Can't choicers stop insulting the intelligence and capabilities of the people of the country and let them view the evidence and decide for themselves whether abortion harms women's health
If Literal Creationism is indeed true
I think they are doing it out of fear .  They see the moral decline in America and they have latched onto the GLBT Community as their scapegoat .  Since it's no longer PC To attack African-Americans for their obvious differences
In regards to who wrote these books
you may
The more we seek to redefine marriage
Bus driver Terrance Gavan manufactured highly dangerous firearms and explosives at the home where he lived with his mother in Batley
The Congress
No .  Anyone who sticks to beliefs that a god created the earth just 6
So you don't support Connecticut passing a civil union law ? 
40 less people dying a year is pretty good news - but I don't think you can attribute it to the change in gun law .  If you plot the table of homicides
This has nothing to do with religion whatsoever . 
I'm really not so sure about Obama's healthcare plan
then surely you can't explain away why enzyme a and co-enzyme b are separate compounds but work together to produce another by-product . 
I don't place an objective value on all human life .  Most people
So
I'm sure we'll find fossils of giants and unicorns one of these days . 
Meanwhile
Do you know what conclusions the person drew from this ? What conclusions do you draw from this ?  That people that own guns are less scared ?  Or just nicer people ?  : ) 
I've seen some claims that the dems are going to get trashed at the midterms
I think the energy (  essence of the human life )  always was
Genisis includes many events and personel that have been proven to take place and lived .  Why would a book be right about the lives and events recorded in it and wrong about origin . 
But
They don't have  . 38s anymore .  They have AK-47s .   .  .  . They have automatic weapons now
Your reasoning would be applicable if only one copy of the gene in question ever existed . If the chance of mutation A happening is one in a billion
They both claimed that this was result of the ban on handguns . 
personaly against .  .  .  Like to have my mind changed thoughemoticonXGood
Studies have shown that nordic and specific middle european countries that provide protection and rigerous sex education as well as local information about planned parent hood and the birthcontrol pill have a teenbirthrate of 1% where i believe ours is something like 17% .  seems kind of convincing . 
And
One of the most hilarious ones is the idea that the laws are the intrinsic properties of matter .  So a piece of stonehas the force of gravity as its own property does not it ?  This ismythology and the worst of it . 
In the vanishingly small likelihood of the event ever coming down down to it
What parts of the Bible are true
But evolutionists are just as religious as Christians: they have their own unseen miracles –  ( random mutations ) … . their own clergy  ( scientists ) …their own Bible  ( The Origin of Species )  .  .  .  . and their own god  ( Natural Selection )  . 
As theorized
Another lie . The sentence you've quoted never made any such argument . 
*interupts debate for a second* Yay !  Welcome .  : ) 
And actually the federal laws regarding gun possession and ownership
Im gonna have to go with Love Never Dies here .  Ive read that story
I fail to see how this tidbit is relevant
Sheer nonsense .  What couints is the functioning of the system as a whole .  Reducing it to subsytems
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do .  .  .  let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide .  : )  lol
Finally
Genesis 1:27 says that God created Adam and Eve .   ( I couldn't find the part about them being created together .  )  No contradictions there . 
Doctors should be schooled in nutrition so they can teach their patients how to cure themselves . 
if the only choices we can possibly make are the one God approves
Wrong .  1 )  Science has disproven the young-earth Creationists' God .  2 )  Science is starting to shed light on people's spiritual beliefs . 
Sure we are .  Creationism vs all the sciences  ( including the biological Theory of Evolution )  and reality . 
The facts speak for themselves
Hey !  Let's murder hanicapped people !  Their health will deteriorate and probably will die in pain later on
Should we allow health-care to the homeless
Do you believe that you will hear an understanding of God that you've not heard before
Intellegent Design is the study of the idea that certain biological phenomena are too complex to have been evolved from a series of simpler organisms
If someone says the big bang people have to say the big bang and not the evolution of the universe because it will just waste time . 
I've never understood this need to call babies he or she
I'm lazy and debating 3 other people .  Why don't you do it for me ? 
We don't take him seriously anymore because despite having been refuted over and over  ( both here and on at least four other boards ) 
abortion is bad
and the atheist cannot restrict the science to be according to their views . 
It really piques me when someone attempts to assume what my opinion is without asking me .  You know nothing about me or my views .  People ask questions to learn and have been doing so for years .  The only stupid question is the unasked one .  If you have a problem answering the questions then don't . 
First thing I want to say is that I dont want to offend anyone but for me abortion was the best option .  I also want to say that I love Christ will all my heart .  He has forgiven me for my sins and because ive had an abortion does not mean im not a Christian and yes I was a christian when I did have an abortion .  I had an abortion just this past june .   .  .  . I grew up in a christian home and was anti abortion most of my life but honestly I felt so relieved after having the abortion . 
You need look no further than the current state of California to realized that the United States is heading towards socialism just as Europe has in the past few decades .  Will the United States one day become a socialist nation ?  Does socialism work ?  Would avoiding socialism hurt the future of the US or would socialism hurt the future of the US ? 
What's the difference between humans and chimps ?  According to the blowhards in the scientific world for the past 60 years
The lagomorph doesn't realise it is so 40s to talk about genes controlling cells .  Modern biology knows that cells are governed by an interaction of genes and environment .  Of course
Well I have to say that I beleive if we banned all air guns that violence
Also
Last I checked
Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts
Gary Ridgway could be more insane that Andrea Yates
I don't believe in any gods
Gallileo was killed because of blasphemy of the church
Perhaps when the Roman Catholic Church has cleansed itself of its own sins it could have a dialogue with women about abortion--WHICH IS NOT A SIN . 
It's funny how you intellectually-inept fools resort to talking about how I was supposedly outdebated or embarrased or whatever in other forums yet you are unable to do it here . 
so why do they call polar bears and brown bears different species when they can breed and produce fertile offspring together ? 
* Smoking tobacco is quite unhealthy even without pesticides . 
BREAKING NEWSGeorge Tiller shot to death at Wichita church
Put a fork in it .  Socialized medicine is DOA . The possible scenarios that could get the healthcare bill made into law are both suicidal moves that will cause the Democrats to become Washington outsiders in quick order .  They are:1 .  Get the HR to pass the Senate Bill without any changes .  This will be suicidal to the most liberal Democrats and the most Conservative ones
actually
You snipped most of my remarks because you were unable to address them .  You have no answers and have been reduced to insult .  That means that you have lost the discussion and you know you have lost .  Otherwise you would attempt meaningful answers . 
MEDICAL FACT: On the fourteenth day of the first month the mothers egg appears . 
Yes
And he accomplished all this human carnage without a gun .  This just proves that if it was possible to eliminate all projectile firing weapons from existing on earth
Just for the sake of argument
First you say that gun bans are Constitutional .  When it's proven that gun bans are unconstitutional
from here  from here  there are more . 
I also visited the university's website and looked at their data .  There does appear to be information which contradicts with the above listed article's claims  ( e . g .  - Not sure what he is talking about . 
There are not enough stone-age skeletons  .  .  . 
did the anglerfishes evolve their rods and lures ?  .  .  . and why do they need such big teeth ? 
Science is different .  In science it's a matter of who has the most convincing evidence .  If we are to give Christianity the benefit of the doubt and allow it to throw its own evidence into the list of candidates
Thermodynamics and Intelligent DesignCheck out the following online lecture/tutorial by Granville Sewell  ( Texas A&M )  on the connection between thermodynamics and ID: www . math . tamu . edu/~sewell/odes_pdes/thermo . htmlFiled under: Intelligent Design — William Dembski @ 8:06 am
Thats an easy one .  The obvious and correct answer is a resounding no .  It has had no effect on the criminal use of guns and no thinking person would have predicted that it would .  It would be like reducing the number of scalple salesman in an effort to reduce botched surgeries . 
That's true
Guidance by humans in the blind Watchmaker does not stop it being a reasonable analogy for his idea that no higher intelligence is in evolution but it can produce  .  In the analogy the guidance by humans represents natural selection .  You could represent the rules of natural selection as set of equations with random elements that contained no human ingenuity instead but I don't see it as a crime to use a human forced to act under restrictions to represent that has nothing to do with humans .  I will show youYou could describe electrons as things that hate other electrons but like positive charges .  If some electrons see other electrons coming at them down a wire they will also move down the wire to avoid them .  If it means going through a circuit an powering a light globe to do the electrons will still flow if the circuit is complete .  Now lets think about whats happening
Both you or your invader have a better chance outrunning a baseball bat than a bullet . 
Would legalization help this ?  I dunno
The figure comes from a 1936 study by Dr .  Frederick Taussig who estimated that abortion claimed the lives of 5
That ruling was based on race
We are only living organisms in a line of changes .  No goal no origin
The key question is
The author is arguing that gun control in rural areas does not constitute crime control in urban areas but somehow you try to spin that into making it sound as if the author is making some blanket statement against all gun control . 
How can what did not erode for 100 million years to expose a full dino print
Wait a minute
If I would have been alive 100 years ago
Well done Nato !  I can't believe you took the time to Fisk all of these stupid points .  Showing the RIDICULOUS nature of some gun laws !  Even the Antis can't  ( or maybe won't )  obey them !  Ridiculous paperwork traps that even caught and surprised the Queen of gun control ! 
How is that conclusion derived at ?  The passage is speaking to the consequences to a man who's actions cause the death of an unborn child . 
How many civil rights are you willing to give up in the name of a few less murders each year ? 
If pressures change so that those with below average beak size gain some advantage than they can exploit it instantly .  From the word go they will be eating better and be more healthy than their big beaked cousins
The enumeration in the Constitution
and it went through all these stages and got killed then came back to life  (  magically i suppose ) 
I wonder how many are exaggerated . 
is so doubtful about it ?  It makes sense to me . 
I agree completely .  These christians make up their mind that something is in the bible and whatever it says is what it says .  It is so hard to change their opinions . 
More to the point .  They are gun haters .  They have an agenda
Keep in mind two important points:1 .  Reason does not imply truth
I can understand the argument that gun laws may infringe on some individual freedom
emoticonXDonno Sorry
This may be true for a case that hasn't already been decided .  It's a good argument for doing away with the death penalty and their expensive trials .  However
One of the biggest arguments against gun control is that if the government became too oppressive
Evolution: Ride a monkey into Hell . 
the fact that you think life can be created out of non-life in 10 years show how little you know about biology
And harassment is illegal . 
well
As the leak appears to have happened SIXTEEN YEARS AGO
#1 - How are we now able to observe evolution
That's an interesting subject
Yes
A mother who killed herself and her disabled daughter had been terrorised by a gang of youths and had her repeated pleas for help ignored by police
If only she'd been allowed to have a gun she could have what ?  Shot or threatened to shoot someone ?  Boys and girls as young as 10
I know you think I was acting emotional with my post and it really is hard to tell whether someone is being emotional over a forum since it is so impersonal .  What I can say is that posting about the Bible has become a mere formality to me and not the emotional debate it used to be .  However
Waiting until they are born likely gives them no more chance of surviving than killing them in the womb .  What chance does an unexpecting child have against a grown person intent on killing him ? 
Had it not been for Activist judges in Mass .  and and activist mayor in Sodom  ( SF )  trolling for votes gay marriage would not even be and issue .  .  .  .  .  . 
If your knowledge of the bible
why do you make such a big issue of this ?  if you're in this forum
In reality
for faith has no merit where reason has proof from experience . 
One of the NRA's favorite quotes .  The context of 'that every man be armed' was who would provide for the arming of the militia
Well
Of course
the fact that you think life can be created out of non-life in 10 years show how little you know about biology
On the subject of analogies for genetic information
Oh
As I have pointed out
Except for the fact that guns were around long before Browning was ever born .  Browning didn't invent the gun
that is nothing but conjecture .  Are you telling me that arctic foxes at some point in history did not have this ability ? 
SCHUMER: OK .  Now
As much as I'd love pacifism and peace and tolerance and all that wonderful stuff
See the comments section on the blog entry I linked to
Pointing out some of the achievements of science which could not have been accomplished in any other way
And we know this how ?  You complain about the 90% figure being erroneous and then make an unsupported statement like this ? Furthermore
I completely agree with this here .  We need to teach kids how to think
For example
Because Satan is a fallen angel .  He had a chance to be with God
 .  .  .  the right to health
If when I was in the military
Don't expect the recent retractions and exonerations to change that .  One of the strongest
I'm not sure what you mean .  Your quotes from dictionaries certainly give no indication of any blurring .  I'll give you another definition acceptable to biologists . Natural selection is the process by which organisms well adapted to their environment survive to produce offspring while those more poorly adapted may not .  In this way
According to this year's FBI Uniform Crime Report
Afraid of ?  Well guns are a pretty good deterrent from the government trying to take away my rights .  And shooting at criminals makes criminals rethink trying to steal my stuff . 
It is a direct accusation by the CURATOR OF BIRDS for the SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION against all the proponents of the dino bird story . 
It doesn't do this
False and that doesn't invalide evolution given how it's a misrepresentation of one of the statements in the theory . 
Once again
Maybe .  There's good scientists on both sides of the issue . But regarding Robertson
The only difference is that the evolutionists are correct .  BTW
I'd congratulate you on your win DamEtel
The anti-abortionists claim that would be killing a human life to save one . 
If I bear witness of myself
The reason the dems wimp out is because the gun nuts votes are likely to be swayed by a candidate's position on gun control
she believes she can treat cops like she did and doesn't really care what reaction they have because she will use it as an excuse to sue them . 
Michael Daggett is a priest .  The state knows he is harmelss
One other point: Say that the laws of physics  ( which are derived from mutual human experience )  are wrong but just appear to be right and that some omnipotent being can change them whenever he likes .  If these apparent laws have remained the same for all of recorded human time
Sure . The woman is a person
And for decades
Are you a real man or do you send PMs to mothers applauding and endorsing violence against their children ? 
Compared to what ?  The U . S .  ?  That would be laughable if it wasn't so serious
The Delaware Department of Justice initially insisted to The News that gun purchasers must declare who the weapon was intended for so that person's background could be checked .  Yesterday
 .  .  . if we see relatively few creationists on these boards
That one blog is a very lopsided comparison to the many examples of Miller siding with them in this book . 
However
People do not like to be cheated .  They do not like to be victims of fraud .  If economic systems are not governed and regulated
Ah the non human part . 
Should you only be allowed to buy one gun a month  ?  http://www . youdebate . com/DEBATES/one_gun_a_month . HTM
What is supposed to take thousnds/ millions of years for populations of animals to evolve has just taken a swift punch to the gut by David Reznick . 
Meaning
 . 50 caliber rifles have been legal for ownership since the revolutionary days .  they even had  . 75 caliber rifles .  so why can't we have  . 50 caliber rifles today ?  i've yet to see any proof at all that a plane could be hit
Who said anything about a different form of love ? 
5 )  What experiments have been conducted to verify the occurence of intelligent design ? 
Surely you understand that this is not the same as providing evidence for creationism .  Disproving one theory does not prove another .  All it does is disprove a theory . 
Yes
and the organism is not equipped to function in any predetermined fashion . 
While I'm not going to consider Dr .  Tiller a pillar of society
Seems like you criticize him for allowing the government to give something
 .  .  . is that they think that  .  .  . they aren't loved .  .  . 
1 )  The context changes nothing . The comment is the same with or without more sentences surrounding it . 2 )  rejected giving marriage rights/benefits to unmarried straight couples ?  ?  ?  emoticonXDonno That's like saying
I disagree I hear it all the time .  What are you going to do when science fills in the gaps and such nonsense . 
Why hasn't natural selection weeded out species with their inferior optical vision and given them all echolocation
The Christian theistic worldview can account for the laws of logic by stating that they come from God .  God is transcendent; that is
Marriage is to promote children bearing and making a family unit . 
that silencer would make it illegal for most everyone to own . 
Monkeys show sense of justice Absolutely amazing .  And Capuchins
You can preach pretty religious philosophy all day long but I ain't buying .  Saying that Jesus told you that all life is special doesn't comfort a rape victim
For obvious reasons we Christians have always been adamant supporters of civil liberties when it comes to freedom of religion .  We have even managed to be consistent in this principle by not opposing the rights of Buddhists
so if cells are controlled by their genes  ( and the environment ) 
I'm still having a hard time with this .  If nothing exists
Dr .  Wells
My point in starting the thread is not merely that Christians fall short of their aspirations .  No .  .  .  . this is worse .  Because this particular U . S .  Senator
That's not true according to the textbook claim: Before the industrial revolution
Why do Americans want so many guns ? emoticonXKill What are you most afraid of ? 
Are you better than straight people ?  Are you superior people because your preferred form of sex doesn't allow for pro-creation as God commanded humanity to do ?  Is this your argument ?  emoticonXFrazzled
and the nutty professor from UC San Diego Simon LeVay who's myopic bent to show .  .  .  and who's grant was provided to show that there was a genetic cause
I am aware of that .  I am just having trouble reconciling the idea of removing a fundamental right based on a misdemeanor conviction and was wondering if there is similar precedent elsewhere . 
In fact
Question:What scientific criteria was employed to determine how long ago the Cretaceous period ended  ?   ( 80 mya )  . Ray M . 
If god made human from dirt
You have fallen into the same trap as the IDers .  When we say designed there is an unspoken prepositional phrase -- by an intelligent entity .  What is really meant by designed -- in both Paley and IDers -- is that plants and animals are manufactured .  Just like the watch was manufactured . 
If only McCain were anywhere near his equal
This post contains a perfectly simple explanation of why ToE is a sham along with a challenge to any Darwinist to prove me wrong . ToE is constructed on a fraud premise .  This premise says that the fundamental unit of evolution is the gene .  Whenever an evolutionist talks about “evolution” he's not talking about mere phenotypic change – he's talking about changes in genes .  To a Darwinist
Here's a nice little Google def: A convinced belief; a condition of mind fully satisfied; next to actual knowledge .  We have faith the sun will rise to-morrow morning
I agree .  These laws limiting magazine capacity are based on stupid assumptions that are based on Hollywood  ( think drive by Hollywood )  .  The average shooting involves less than 5 rounds fired .  So limiting the capacity has no affect on crime . 
Originally Posted by simone I rather think that the incidence of abortion is far lower in Europe owing to their higher standards of sex education and access to contraception without the impeding hypocrisy of American religious culture . 
I am merely asking for an objective standard to determine what is and is not a god-given right .  And you STILL have yet to provide one . 
The only alternative to accidental
I won't even go into the reconstruction period and how your so called principal didn't even exist . 
so it’s the scientific community that sets up communication within a society
So gun owners are being discriminated for who they are .  I guess you could put it that way .  You could also say that violent killers and serial rapists are being discriminated against for who they are .  By the way
Not if it were enforced and a suggestions for how the law could be better enforced are given in the report . 
You are so right-on in what you say ! In a Sunday school at a church I formerly attended
Anti-abortion legislation is simply a tool by which they try to maintain a less sexually permissive society
because you're right and they're wrong ? 
tell me this and ask as many questions as you want
You made a 'just-so' statement about what is scientific method
maybe you can postpone it one more week and think about it for one more week
we simply do not evolve
And i dont really believe in god because he has shown us NO compelling evidence of his existance . 
Anyone who finds themselves foolish enough to believe Hitler was a Christian
I think that Darwin and Dawkins have made the issue of morals and ethics a joke . 
What are the reasons which you would present behind the statement all human life is sacred  ( or whichever similar statement you think is the core of your pro-life stance )  ? 
Icons of Evolution: Science or Myth ?  Why Much of What We Teach About Evolution is Wrongby Jonathan WellsI appologise for not remembering the exact title
It has been addressed several times on this forum and the best evidence available shows that effect B is greater than C . 
It seems
For your info just a many Democrat go to church as well so whats that suppose to mean too .  Come on Satin get with the real world .  emoticonXRolleyes
The purpose of hte bill of rights is to recognise certain pre-exisitng rights
Can someone tell me when God ever said that you have free will ? 
You talk about the Fourteenth Amendment and again claim that gun control is racist .  If gun control is truly racist then it's a wonder that the courts in areas with strict gun control laws haven't been flooded with claims of violations of the Fourteenth Amendment's equal protection clause .  Funny how only a few people on an online message board have managed to figure this out . 
We've already been over this and again you're confusing two separate issues .  I think everyone is agreed that people no matter what race are entitled to equal protection under the law . 
No worries mate .  Brooklyn's 81st Precinct probed by NYPD for fudging stats; felonies allegedly marked as misdemeanorsNew York cops 'fudge' stats like the Tories to make their strict gun laws look more compatible to the States that do not have draconian anti gun laws and need not depend on the cops protecting you when they have no duty to do so . I have been following UK stats for a long time and no matter who is in power
Also as has been repeated umpteen times all the countries with universal healthcare have much lower cost per capita . 
don't play that card chester
so we would penalize financially those who want to have kids ? 
Legally there is a difference .  But let's just toss that out for a second .  The end result is exactly the same .  Eyes fogged over no longer care whether it was fun or self defense . 
I smell an arcane semantics-based proof brewing .  .  . 
IYou've lost this round time and time again .  If you keep posting this nonsense then Tither's gonna come around
# There were 7
No
Is that worth it ?  I don't think so .  I have my own idea for a healthcare plan .  .  .  it's not at all universal
In principle
 ( 17 .  )  The glorification of firearms in movies and video games is wrong and promotes irresponsible gun usage
I enjoy Botany more than most things and I have heard of a couple of Botanical Experiments that involve; *1 .  pressurizing a plant stem with CO2 and *2 .  bringing in outside sun light through fiber optic cable for the plant .  It brings in the full spectrum light in high lumens
Aren't there already drugs in existence that contain the chemicals that are  ( supposedly )  beneficial in marijuana  ( i . e .  THC )  ? 
Why is it ok for your side to determine what is right for society but when I offer my vote/opinion
We don't execute people who can't comprehend the nature of their crimes and society says that
Really ?  Let's see you show that the God that you believe in is that God .  .  and that this God even exists outside the imaginations of the mind ? 
We weren't competing with chimps ?  Oh really ?  Doesn't evo claim that the first humans and hominids appeared in Africa ?  And isn't the dark Continent also the natural and original ecosystem where the Great Apes are from ?  So how do you claim we never competed if evo is true ? 
what evidence ? like the beaks of finches growing a few centimeters ?  .  .  . like the color patterns on moths changing in just a few years ?  .  .  .  . like size/color of fish changing accomodate their surroundings ?  There is no proof of anything but the small stuff .  There are no intermediates linking higher classes of animals . 
First off the single common ancestor model has no demonstratable mechanism for how it is even possible .  For another thing no substantive reasoning that all scientists use is empirically testable which is why subjective/objective duality is the philosophy of natural science .  There is only a need to discern between the substantive reasoning  ( theoretical )  and empirical testing  ( demonstrative )  .  Objectivism is based on substantive reasoning just like scientific positivism or natural selection for that matter .  None of these things are subject to peer review since there is a distinction between subjective and objective reasoning . 
I agree .  Time will tell if the cells are as effective as embryonic stem cells
Notice how it describes the level life on Earth had attained around 270 million years ago
I have been on the local board of education for 2 years now and have never heard the phrase Young Earth Creationists in any official capacity
a pro-gunner with the SN of marxismismurder conservative was a pretty safe bet .  You don't see many liberals in that mold . 
No
http://images . yuku . com/image/pjpeg/3 .  .  . 214ee23f7 . pjpghttp://www . caglecartoons . com/images/ .  .  . 01bfff4%7D . gif
It is a physical entity .  It has physical existence in reality .  It is possible to see it
So what developed nations have lower murder rates than the US ? 
The violinist analogy suggests that a mother has no more responsibility for the welfare of her child than she has to a total stranger .  McDonagh's view is even worse .  She argues the child is not merely a stranger
My point was that is it a horrible experience for many women
MEDICAL FACT: On the tenth day of the seventh month the production of red blood cells is taken over by the bone marrow--the inner sanctum of the babies tabernacle . 
However one thing that works against evolution is this .  It is just amazing that every creature on this planet didn't evolve to use the sun as a source of energy and food in some way or another . 
I think Orson Scot Card who wrote:Enders Game
Gravity is a fact because we can observe it's effects on objects and we can do tests to determine more about it . 
Some people do also get a pleasureable effect from shooting guns and using them for such purposes as hunting and target practice . 
if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily .  If they are produced from human minds
However
By far most speech about homosexuality from those who don't approve is not hate speech .  You've been listening to too much propaganda from gay lobby groups who think demonizing and working toward persecuting Christians for their beliefs is the best means to an end .  If Canada limited it's persecution only to those who are trying to change the law
To equate miscarriage with manslaughter is preposterous . 
Ludacris and many others in the hip hop scene disrespect women with their lyrics and videos .  Much of what hip hop puts out contributes to unwanted pregnancies . 
There is no way to judge on a case-by-case basis . 
Think twice about that .  You come on here strutting your stuff that Planned Parenthood is lying or misleading and now everyone can see that you are the one who is misleading .  Now isn't that ironic ! 
And what of when you go by some moral standard to determine what is right and wrong in other peoples' lives as well ?  What ?  you don't do that ?  Bull .  You can't tell me you never have an opinion or judgment on anything anyone else does .  But by your logic
Your definition is that those creatures with survival advantages and characteristics will survive . 
But what's REAL truth ?  The real truth is evolutionists can't even get that right .  The real truth is that members of the same species almost always work together for the benefit of the population . 
On this 35th anniversary of the Roe v .  Wade decision
Everything to do with the age of the Universe is part of evolution  . 
You cannot begin to hold a rational debate about the unknowable .  -Mach
God is often the answer for the things we can't explain .  Since we are not gods
I think if anyone took to this they'd find themselves asked to leave establishments routinely . 
You are just playing dumb
To think that a common sense measure like this could come out of a senseless place like Illinois . 
Belief that memory and free will exist but do not take up space does not require belief in a personal god . 
So where did we come from ?  How did all of the matter in the universe propel outward ?  Is this one of millions of universes that never cease to start
Hey everyone im new to the whole creation vs evolution thing .  I don't really know where i stand but i have a question . 
The coelacanth
Those who object to same-sex marriage primarily  ( or so they claim )  because it would change the definition of marriage should perhaps be made aware that that train has already left the station:Merriam-Webster On-line Dictionary . com Encarta American Heritage This is not to say that every current dictionary includes such a definition .  .  .  yet .  .  .  but a number of major on-line ones demonstrably do
Leviticus 18:22 Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; that is detestable . 
 .  .  . Also
It seems to me the corollary of the phrase abortion is murder is miscarriage is manslaughter
The quality of life ethic is far different from sactity/dignity of life ethic .  A quality of life ethic carried out to its logical conclusions does not promote a pro-life society .  Instead
You should also note that the one scenario I think the death penalty is acceptable for is if they try to escape using violence or if they attack another prisoner .  This has shown that they are willing to commit acts of violence and frankly have nothing to lose . 
why not ? Life is cheap and I hold no silly notions . Science should be used to benefit life
Shows what lengths women can go to if legal abortion isn't an option . 
the news sources we contacted today who told us to be very wary of you because you have yet to produce any evidence of this
Those quotes have nothing to do with abortion .  This one has to do with babys in the woumb Befor I formmed you in the woumb
After reading the other posts in this thread
you can not prove life begans at conception
dreaming up imaginary what if situations doesnt prove anything
Of course
And you just sound ignorant .  You wouldn't make this statement if you knew about how Britain's current gun control laws came into existence . 
You're an idiot who has obviously never worked ina first responder category .  If you think that increasing the volume and social acceptance of drug use to the same level of alcohol will 'solve' anything
Modern-day citizens are far more likely to be aware of the sheer range of religious views in human cultures
But if you actually take time to read the study that is posted on that website it appears that the claims of the NSPOF are doubtful
What are you talking about ?  The mother along with the father made the baby .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
The evolutionist zealots are essentially pushig to remove any possible religous connotation from evolutionary teaching .  The YEC folks want to remove any reference to science from the debate . 
Read these storys of self defence and then tell me Brady how you can justify theseThe injustice of the British ban on self defenseMaking matters worse
You missed the point of the question .  I'm not talking about 'rights' or legal issues .  I'm wondering why pro-choice people often portray pregnancy as a horrible thing in their arguments .  Period . 
I think it's nonsense interpretation developed by people who were afraid that if they fought for guns as valiantly as they did for free speech
You would be destroying whole generations to come .   ( that baby leads to more babys .  .  .  .  ) 
The reason for that is
Evolutionists
My husband and I will be married in windsor this comming June .  It will be good that there will be one place in this world that our family will be considered a family .  There is nothing the conservatives
4 )  If/ When you had men commanders were they treated with respect by both the men and women under them ? 
As rights of only one of two are being considered . 
But I'm sure that when came on line
Actually
Next time you walk into your doctor's office
You could even have  ( 4 ) :4 .  Geological evolution
They would open up to sicknesses far more easily when wounded
The potentiality argument is often used against those who do not believe that a fetus is worthy of being called a person
You are absolutely correct  ! Ray M . 
2 .  What about consensus is proof ?  Is there not a consensus among Christians concerning creationism ?  Does that make it a fact ? 
Mother Says D . C .  Police Shot
Then you got the benefits of being a weed addict like all you can do is have weed addict friends because you don't have time for anything else . 
Do you not understand what is currently going on ? The ruling on whether the California state constitutional amendment was enacted legally was ruled on by the courts . What is discussed above is entirely separate . To say something brief to get you up to speed
In the following example that you provided: What is the context of the word 'truncated' ?  The way I read it - it is talking about a truncated string of code or something .  What was truncated ?  .  .  .  *more than 100 LPL gene mutations have been identified
Then banning same-sex marrige would be wrong
Actually
Look over the Heller ruling again .  All nine judges agreed unanimously that the Second Amendment protected a right that was wholly individual in nature .  The only disagreement was whether the right still applied today . 
If minorities' civil rights are truly being taken away and hurt due to ballot initiatives
its difficult to merge life in its purest form with science
I will not turn this into another debate that often comes up with this issue .  But for the sake of clarification can you tell me if you believe it possible that the rights of the being's inside the mother are being infringed upon ?  That is
The information added is about how to survive changed circumstances . 
Butwhat of the fetus/babies that were wanted by daddy but not by mummy what does termination stop then ? 
Because Africa isn't one big homogeneous ecosystem .  There are jungles
How can you say such things ?  The Bible says that God CREATED over and OVER and OVER again !  And you reject that and say that everything came about by evolution ?  If you reject the literal account of the Creation in Genesis
Are those weapons registered ? 
to supersportYour clumsy bait and switch was beginning a discussion about evolution and then trying to represent the seasonal change in color of foxes as evolution . 
That happens
I'm not selfish
And all I was saying is that
That is an erroneous line of reasoning because it fails to take into account the myriad of other options open to a women after birth to remove the newborn from her care without any ill effects  ( physically anyway )  .  Killing in the instance of a newborn is not justified because of those other options open to her . 
Heh
Is this another personal attack ?  Or is it killing you that i would donate money to an organization that opposes your secular humanist agenda so you feel you must lash out like an angry child ?  Is that your issue lyteboy ? 
The child could still be born and given up for adoption
Just thought I'd share about secular rights for gays .  .  . not special rights but equal rights .  .  . No
ToE does not state that life forms are similar to each other . 
Phisically
But viability outside another human being is a clearly distinct difference between a zygote and a new-born baby . 
That's a stretch you don't need to make though . Not even considering the fact that the bible contradicts itself .  . i . e .  god performs miracles
The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments
So what rational reason would there be to deny them the right to marry the person they love ? 
Well you never know cause your pro life and for the death penalty . 
Common sense says that if we are all on a downhill slide that mutation/selection – being the conservative/degenerative devicees that they are -- could have never have explained the origin of anything .  Our genomes could not have arisen spontaneously .  Instead
False .  This is not a valid definition of atheism .  Atheism is the lack of theism  ( the belief in gods )  .  Certainly
To add to the obvious costs of pregnancy
1 .  ) Refusing to comment on scientific procedure means absolutely nothing .  Maybe we don't have anything to say . 2 .  ) Testing your beliefs of your own scientific conclusions is not wrong . 
Adding guns to crime is like adding gasoline to a fire- it makes an already existing problem worse . 
 ( 2 .  )  Having to register guns will inevitably lead to a complete ban on guns
But I agree
Now
I've been telling this board for months that the gene is not the player in biological change that everyone thinks it is . 
Is this a debate over the accuracy of the Genesis creation story or just a debate over the general idea that God did in fact create the world and it's inhabitants ? 
This is wrong .  You yourself find mental existence to be sacred' in a way .  There is no rational argument for mental existence being the point of obtaining rights .  .  . no matter how hard any of us try :p
Yeah
South Dakotans say repeal the extreme abortion ban ! Thanks to the hard work of 1
I cannot prove that my belief in my specific God is true any more then I can prove that leprechauns
I believe there is special dispensation for those who've never had a chance to hear the Good News .  The last Pope mentioned something dealing with this a few years ago IIRC .  This is also why the great commision for Christians is Evangelism . 
Certainly science has provided part of the answer with their finding of the Mitachondrial Eve
Maybe they should give God credit for things because He is omnipotent and omnipresent .  Maybe because He created us to love Him and serve Him .  Maybe because He has blessed America in so many ways ! 
How does gay legalised gay marriagelegalized polygamy ?  How does equal protection come into play on that equation ? 
I would say no .  .  .  .  .  .  . I mean if you can believe in God
In a way
Granted these are all not necessarily plausible
They say that members within the same species are in competition with each other . 
Though just in the case of an accident where maybe an older sibling had carelessly left one lying around
There isn't .  The controversy is over whether it's man-made or not . 
But that simply isn't the case .  Science class is for science
A newborn baby cannot think mentally like an adult
 .  If you can inject me with something that compels me to seek out and drink a coke
That's really all I have to offer to this debate
You lie .  You keep saying the same things over and over again
This is not what hospitals do with biomedical waste .  They incinerate it .  If these people are really doing this I cant imagine who the buyer is 
And you do realize that Noah was about 500 years old when he started the ark .  How much could you learn or know in 500 years ? 
Why sure
I'm afraid you're wrong
In a moment of extreme stress
The Breyer-Sotomayor-Ginsburg dissent questioned why some restrictions would be acceptable but not the Chicago handgun ban:
Men shouldn't be deciding because they can't get pregnant after being raped .  When was the last time a man's life was ever at risk because his wife was pregnant ? 
Karl
Like most other natural history museums today
Let's get real here .  The man puts out fires and rescues people .  Do you really think he's going to stop and ask people before he carries them out of a burning building wait  .   .   .  are you gay ?  Because if you are I'm sorry someone else will have to do this .  This idea that someone's political and/or ideological view on a public referendum issue should have any bearing on whether he should be allowed to do other things is scary
How can you discuss creationism without talking about God ?  Is it irrelavent ? 
Again
If information came into being by chance
I agree .  .  .  just what we need .  The court will not hear the case so more guns on the street emoticonXKill
Well I'm not arguing that this is adaptation .  .  . I have never said that .  .  What I am saying is the environment -- in this case diet is the cause for these traits to emerge in offspring
But I see two people involved here .  Whether the women is better off or not is irrelevant to me .  She has no right to kill the other just like you have no right to kill your neighbor .  I'm not for allowing decisions on everything and to be against choices is not a bad thing considering every law restricts choices . 
If I am to believe in something even if it's scientific
Don't count on it .  The number of scientists in the American scientific community that subscribe to creationism is about %5
Y'know
IMO
And
An alternative  ( shorter !  )  wording of the statement
Ness
I don't think any man should ever be legally required to pay child support .  If a man chooses not to be a part of his childs life
The Bible falls completely silent on the issue of abortion .  All direct condemnations on abortion found in the New Testament were quickly discarded as irrelevant by theologians .  Christianity had it's chance at condemning abortion in the Bible and choose not to ! For hundreds of years the Vatican supported abortion rights .  Even it's most celebrated saints were not only outspoken supporters but blazed a path for theology to support it .  And in early America
This is a push to promote lawlessness .  The San Francisco fiasco is the prime example .  People with certain agendas are refusing to follow the laws .  This is a devastating precedent for our Nation . 
Is that why there are tens of thousands of Christian religions ? 
He's taking up space in a perfectly good cell .  He's using up perfectly good oxygen
That logic can be applied to weeds or trees .  Anything that is non-sentient
Crocodiles and humans live side-by-side in African village - TelegraphHere are some comments made by the Creation Science organization AnswersinGenesis:
* There is abundant evidence that many of the rock strata were laid down quickly
Both Thompson and McDonagh treat the child—the woman's own daughter or son--like an invading stranger intent on doing harm .  They make the mother/child union into a host/predator relationship .  A child is not an invader
see above
All too often those opposed to Intelligent Design simply reject any notion of God no matter how unemotional and rationality based that notion is . 
Quote:So it would make sense that a mold  ( which is a type of fungus )  shares the same common ancestor that other fungi share
That's your problem .  Any other subjects on which you are delusional ? probably .  .  .  . I think anyone who kills an unborn child with a knife to the head is a murderer .  Does that make me delsional ? 
Private ownership of guns may indeed add to the number of weapons held by criminals
2 ) Reptile develops wings .  These thing are completely useless on a dino
I don't believe I know Collin .  And I've never been really certain of what a troll is .  I'm just looking for information . 
From my memory your medical references both showed the trend you state
i am new to the forum and was just reading through a few of the posts .  i like archangel's line of reasoning here .   to take it another step
In a few decades
Like it or not Fetus is the latin word for Baby .  If we can prove a person was at a crime scene through DNA evidence .  Then we can prove a person is in his or her Mother's womb at the time of conception .  That statement is pure scientific fact .  emoticonXIdea
Joe
I agree
Why do people on the pro-gun side continuously try to oversimplify the issue ?  No one is really arguing that there would be zero murder without guns .  The question is would there be less murders without guns .  In developed nations with stricter gun laws there are less murders .  At any rate
His method appears to be good
There is nothing about the theory of evolution that precludes a God .  That fabricated idea is absurd .  There is nothing about the theory of relativity
South Dakotans say repeal the extreme abortion ban ! Thanks to the hard work of 1
Pregnancy is ALWAYS physically harmful .  You try carrying a load of extra weight about and see what that does to your heart .  It is also always life threatening - women still die from it and you never know how childbirth is going to go . 
Supersport
The Washington DC city council has turned down ballot initiatives to allow the people of DC to vote on this issue  ( as well as some other issues recently )  .  Considering the amount of support these initiatives appeared to have I think were going to see some new blood on the council soon .  They have made some decisions of late that haven't sat to well with the people of DC
HeheI can't tell a difference between my philosophy and science
All of the points above should be considered if you want to produce a solid argument that a series of events actually occured in the past .  If you wish others to take this seriously please produce some relevant evidence from a source that held to a higher level of credibility .  By your standards I should make a thread based on the National Enquirer or Star about Kerry's life as a male gigolo or golddigger . 
Fortunately
A few blocks from my house there is a group of stores with some offices on the second floors .  Apparently there is a Planned Parenthood office in the complex because a group of anti-abortion protestors were there the other day .  I didn't know that before then .  I wondered what they hoped to accomplish by their protest so I asked them .  One woman said she hoped to discourage women from considering abortion .  I didn't think of it at the time
Getting back to the original question .  .  . yes
That is not necessarily true .  I have known girls who have gotten pregnant and wanted an abortion but the fathers of the babies told them they didn't want them to have an abortion so the didn't and now the baby is healthy . 
Of course they do . 
Define evil . The concept of evil is very subjective .  If something is truly evil
once again
unkerpaulieat energy occurs in the human body does not address the question of life itself . 
First of all
So you are saying that people who don't know anything should be killed ?  That b/c it hasn't achieved consciousness you should kill it ? 
Science will never be able to disprove any god because of some flaw science happens to point out .  The best individuals can do is
That interpretation is fine except that God says
Why ?  Because being the victim of a violent crime happens enough times for it to be a genuine concern .  I'd like to see your statistics to show that violent crime rarely occurs
Nice link .  It destroys NATO's higher death rate argument
It's ashame that everyone keeps looking for the judiciary to do the legislature's work .  When will the people press Congress to take up abortion ?  It is the job of Congress after all
Hey
Did you expect a creationist to understand the definition of Honesty ?  He's a creationist for crying out loud . Their manta is to lie
Tony Martin shot an unarmed 16 year old kid in the back as he was running away .  That's not self-defence
Not one that a solid case can be made for .  If it happened they would be numberless just as Darwin said .  .  . 
so yes the existance of other religions can be seen as disproof for your god
Creationism starts with a conclusion
I thought that crocodiles and alligators were in about the same state as they were millions of years ago and that was because thier habitat did not require them to change therefore the odd slight mutations that gain the advantage and lead to change was of no advantage . 
Well
The record already acquired is amazingly good .  It provides us with many detailed examples of a great variety of evolutionary phenomena on lower and intermediate levels and rather abundant data that can be used either by controlled extrapolation or on a statistical sampling basis for inferences as to phenomena on all levels up to the highest .  Among the examples are many in which
An example
There happens to be no scientist who is taken serious who discards the the global flood
all of the british papers keep going on about how bad it is
  Police hunt armed bandits targeting gun stashes in homes  Melbourne Australia . 
 Tastyfish:Fire is well down the line after brain size has started to increaseWell I agree with that simply because humans have larger brains than chimps and fire is associated only with humans . 
Will the real issues in this campaign please stand up ? Instead of these contrived
In these experiments posted the scientist are stimulating the simulated environmet with chemicals . 
I do think that Obama has gotten a little spineless on this issue
You are really going to hurt for that statement . WHERE ARE YOUR STATS BACKING THAT UP ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  http://www . crimereduction . gov . uk/statistics21 . htm . Enjoy ! 
In affirming the absolute sanctity of life
They did leave in a very key statement in the provision essentially making it non-mandatory to some extent:But it also says marriage officers need not perform a ceremony between same-sex couples if doing so would conflict with his or her conscience
Great
how can family values shift in a nation withint 10 years ?  ?  10 years ago america would have never thought they wouldve needed to put Marriage Ammendments on the ballot let alone have less than 60% of the people actually vote for it .  ITs sad to see a nation degrade exponentially fast and not to mention the people's consciences getting seared at the same time . Its kinda like the germans after slow and steady progress of the nazi party changed the whole nation's perspective on the jews .  people that were against the nazi party 5 years prior found themselves turning jews into concentration camps .  i see a similar progression beginning in america to the point that this comment itself will be bashed by those on here whose conscience has been seared to the point that they think 2 men being married is ok .  If everyone in the world was gay
You're a bit late there
Homosexuals are attracted to adults of the same sex . Pedophiles are attracted exclusively to children . There are people
So why
Any random change in a complex
Not to a tax paying non-Christian . 
I have to watch for snares now ?  : ) I didn't say it
So
This right of privacy
You would be a fool to think marijuana isn't harmful .  You would be a fool to think alcohol isn't either .  Although 1 beer a day is much better then a joint . 
#  ( n .  )  The realization of an inventive or decorative plan;
i think its finally settled that physical  ( testable or tangible )  evidence of God can never be found .  this is not only because of its elusive nature to science
And yet
 .  .  . I feel that though the overwhelming number of objections brought up by Clive14 and the later objections by DE
Cleared: Builder who chopped off thug's ear with Samurai sword after he threatened to rape and kill his family | Mail OnlineIt's reasons like this I'm glad we left the UK .  When you threaten to rape and murder and entire family
ScienceDaily  ( Nov .  24
Mythology doen't include historcally correct and factual prophecy .  The claims made in the Bible can all be see in secular history . 
They excuse aborting a fetus of a feckless mother by citing the angst of the expectant mother that concieved through rape . 
we waste paper
Pirates could load up their ships on the Potomac River and sail out sea . 
No biggy .  I am happy though that you did take more than reasonable precautions to prevent pregnancy in the 1st place . 
Even semiautomatic assault weapons can be fired with extraordinary speed .  When San Jose
The vast majority of proclamations and assumptions illustrating a cultural gap between science and Christianity
Look around .  Faith did not spontaneously generate out of thin air .  It is obviously part of our psyche .  Every civilization throughout history has felt the need for some type of faith .  Even on different sides of the planet . It's as natural as the sun rising . 
How can you tell the difference ? 
I'm not going anywhere with this thread .  I just wanted to point out the obvious hypocrisy of everything your side represents
Were you hung-over ?  I can tear up to the most silly programes when hung-over .  Heck
Well insults .  No I'm not suprised I wish I could put my hands on the pol on firearms ownership that put the % of dems that owned guns was around 46% .  Rep .  was around 58% and independants were around 52% .  What I was supprised at was that way this person feels that the reason libs need to be armed is the defend them selves from a conservative government .  Where as we beleave it is to defend our selves against any and all forms of government .  And for a lib to actualy say that they were wrong about anything is a big step . 
No .  Not in matters of science . 
What would be the legal precedent to stop non-Indians from performing or receiving abortions on sovereign lands ? 
how do you know these dinosaurs didn't die out a few thousand years ago ? 
Just because people have all sorts of views on the subject does not mean that there isn't a right answer . 
 .  .  . but I still don't see any evolution in the peppered moths !  ! 
Now
I personally am astounded at the overreaction of the government in response to a handfull of shootings in NO .  Sending in the army in full force
I would say that if a diety can't go out of his way to demonstrate his existance and make clear what he wants This may surprise you
Can you please provide a cite in the Constitution that supports the notion that a Supreme Court Justice nominee has the power to declare that any case is settled law and the subsequent power to make it so ?     I didn't think so . 
The problem with ID is that there is no evidence
If these DROS records really are destroyed after 15 days
We take reality and describe it in our minds and thus form it into abstract concepts which we can operate with . 
Fundamental RightsThis relationship of citizen and state is fundamental to democracy .  In the words of the U . S .  Declaration of Independence
let me try to translate into words1 .  if there is a god in this world
for the Spainards !  Personally
Evolutionism on the other hand uses all of our current technology in microbiology to sort out 'real dna' from 'junk dna' . 
This is not true . 
That's my claim
Again
Miller continues;His mistake here
Thiest: I believe in God ? What is God as best defined by you ? Describe the nature of God .  What is it that you believe in ? 
This would also explain why evolutionists cannot give us any example of random mutations that could lead to cumulative selection -- because they don't exist .  S
Your analysis might be correct
They appear to me to be legitimate safety tests to assure quality of manufacture and assembly . 
I suspect kalifornia law will be changed a bunch and one in the pipe will be in vogue as well as a loaded mag in the gun for utility sake . 
2 .  preventing a poor/unhappy life
Here in New Hampshire
Actually when you read every thing you have to rationalize  ( lie )  what God actually did
Pure ignorance here
No
I can appreciate this slant
Porky Pine put that link in there not out of laziness but out of intelligence .  This argument has already been attacked and in the minds of every intelligent person it has been thwarted .  Just because you can't wrap your mind around such big words and scary numbers doesn't mean it hasn't been answered . 
First of all
no guns
How can a Christian not be ?  Picking an choosing what one likes out of the Bible doesn't mean they know God . 
c )  Why do these creatures have the right to live at the time you give for question b . 
I dont care . The point is a gun took his life ! 
I also find it hard to believe some of what gets posted in favor of the slippery slope argument- such as claims that Sarah Brady wants all guns to be banned which are contradicted by quotes by her in credible online sources
i don't think it's fair to put the blame on women who wear explicit clothing .  there are times when self control is needed .  if a man can't exercise that self control
nonsense .  nambla is a criminal organization .  at various times they've had articles on their website on how to seduce  ( illegally rape )  young boys .  and you and the aclu want to protect that kind of morally and legally reprehensible 'speech' ?  anyone with half a sense of decency wouldn't touch them with a 10 foot pole .  only the radical left thinks that's a good cause . 
a person is a person no matter how small .  http://article . nationalreview . com/ ? q .  .  . lmzdfhmdaxn2i
srom1833  ( or whatever numbers are at the end of it )  because he never actually argues .  he doesn't explain himself
wrong .  slander and cyber bullying are a very big deal .  i refuse to be slandered by a bigot and just do nothing .  i have the right to return fire .  freedom of speech is two way street . 
it does take off slow but the story is amazing and the freaking new movie blew my dick off it was so amazing
yeah
for serious news: for other 'news': for science news: some of you guys in the us should definitely give the bbc a try for world news .  in terms of journalistic standard and telling the news rather than intepreting the news
i never said we have to vote for her .  if it came between her and hillary
that will go down in world cup history
i have been researching and reading for 2 hours and a half now
maybe you should subtitle this thread: the right to a school with perfect parents .  but that's not public education .  you sound as extreme as the people who don't want gay parents in their schools .  well
when men are done and promptly roll over and fall asleep .  .  . 
lol .  this entire argument is so inane .   it's entirely based on the assumption that the bible is true .  obviously that is the fallacy of begging the question .   the bible as a whole is unverifiable
what do you think is motivating these scientists to lie to us ? 
it's marketing 101 .  in order to sell something
oh for goodness sake
i can't tell if you're agreeing or disagreeing with david .   david comes out against intervention in the market
because people: can't admit their faults
i do believe that the predictions are accurate
the most horrid thing in the world is the self iterating nature of fear .  people undergo mass hysteria much to easy
oh how arrogant
i think everyone knows who i have a crush on . 
please tell me more false assumptions you know about me ?  you my friend are idiotic .  its obvious your attempt failed .  you may want to try harder next time .  now are you letting your 'arrogance' get in the way ?  you've clearly showed that you lack an open knowledgeable mind .  you say all of that
very representational with a 4% floor concerning the national parliament  ( that is; you need at least 4% of the votes to be given mandates in the riksdag  ( national parliament )  ) 
emoticonxconfused i didn't say that
i'm incredibly surprised you haven't got it now
not all reform jews are liberals either .  i know more than a few conservative reform jews .  also there are fundamentalists of every christian denomination
poor al .  i want to feel sorry for him but i always end up laughing at him ; ) 
silly chloe .  .  . how can a part of the womens body other than her own mouth cry ?  :p
so are you are saying that because she wants an abortion she should have it ?  then why are you even against abortion ?  we are talking about a life here not just a fetus .  i believe that everyone has a right to live .  no fetus should pay the consequences because of a decision made by it's mother .  in the year 2000
holy shit : (  that's why i never take stuff from people i barely know .  i know a guy who got tricked into smoking crack .   i successfully quit smoking
mostly a waste of time .  the military prepares you for adult life .  whenever you deal with stupid people
'-illegal war in iraq . ' whose illegal war ?  america isn't even there to be at war anymore !  we are setting up a government for them !  if they are grieving because we are helping the general public to live a more organized life then that's kind of their problem right ?   besides; this isn't the debate topic where you should be bringing this up . 
And regarding your fallacious example regarding nylon eating bacteria
for once i find myself agreeing with randomdude .  i've been in a church of several christian denominations and never seen a 'holy' bible that was just the nt .  i've never been to a church where all the sermons are drawn exclusively from the nt .  and i know that most christians embrace things like the ten commandments
i suggest you wait for someone to make a statement then attack/address it
before all the americans wake up !  !  the mornings are so quiet for us europeans .  emoticonxcry
i don't think so .  a misguided view on foreign policy is bad
actually if it had said ' .  .  . but have not loved'
'prostitution is not a victimless crime as there are child prostitutes
just because you have a drink doesnt mean you automically turn in to some crazy drunk .  .  .  its called moderation .  .  .  abstainence doesnt work .  .  .  we know this because the bible belt has the highest teen pregnancy rate in the country and what do you mean we won that one a long time ago ?  you realize that weed being illegal is more harmful than good .  .  .  and i dare you to get into a debate about that because i have so many facts in favor of ending prohibition it will make your head spin
she didnt really risk her own life
but you are for abortion in certain cases right ?  i am only talking to the pro abortionists .  if you believe abortion should be allowed you are technically for it .  if you are pro choice that implies that you are for the allowance of abortions .  if it means this much to you i will change the debate title . 
no it hasn't
the minimum drinking age should be lowered to 14 if not 12 .  the main problem with alcohol is drinking habits
What does this have to do with what you started out with .  Can't you at least pick a topic and stick with it ?  You wander all over the place and only demonstrate you problems in understand written English . * Get an education . 
nice !  hopefully we can get out of this pointless business of propping up our inefficient and pointless agricultural sector before this century is over . 
quotetobyquote the relative context
current us policy is moving towards a 27 . 5% tariff on all chinese products .  with the exception of a few
sure
but after we debate 
why do we have such a rubbish anthem for this site ? 
you misunderstand me .   i'm saying you do not speak for me .  or any gay man .  you are not for freedom .  you are for boosting your own ego .  and that
this is what i don't understand .  on the one hand we have iranians going on about death to america .  on the other our own president is constantly making statements about spreading democracy and toppling current regimes in the me .  is one any worse than the other ?   i still contend that mad solves most of the problems with nuclear proliferation .  sure
dear lisa
holly crap !  you scored big time !  btw
confederate soldiers considered the intrusion of union soldiers as violation of their homeland .  the taliban considered the intrusion of u . s .  military into saudi arabia and afghanistan as violation of their homeland .  and
have you tried clicking on ' my profile' then' find latest posts' jet ? 
exactly .  and frankly anybody who is going to fall into the tax bracket above  ( $1 million + )  has obviously benefited greatly from the spending orgy of the last 25 years and the system it fostered .   we do need to index it to inflation
until one or more of them starts shooting emoticonxkill all gun massacres were committed by 'decent and respectable people'
the thoughtful atheist
are you seriously claiming all christians believe this ?  even when i was a christian
it changes almost hourly
perhaps a better question would be asking why some people seem to hate him so much ?  waxy
ah yes
'they call themselves the patriot guard riders
i hope he doesn't change his mind about the tattoo of the door bell .  the alternative might be to get a piercing on my 'naughty bits' and put a ring on it that would serve as a knocker .  .  .  you know know
what's the point in inviting a bunch of famous people ?  i say this as a huge fan of deniro's and scorsese's: a dinner party would be not be as intellectually stimulating than if you had
yes .  except the government has no say in any of it .  which is the way i like it .  ; ) 
no
colbert is very funny .  i almost for got about him .  oh and daniel tosh . 
and that truth can be demonstrated objectively so that all can accept it .  something true for some but not others is not true in the true sense of the word . 
maybe i didn't make myself clear .  i'll try again .  do you and bradford believe that it is possible to get radical islamists to denounce terrorism through dialog ? 
you make a great point
this sounds utterly nutsy .  it could only be said by someone who knows diddly squat about babies .  hah !  anger isn't an emotion ?  so
very true !  every organism alive or dead is an intermediate between one species and another .  .  .  i may be picking at straws here
What parts of the Bible are true
dear kyle .  .  let's face the reality na ang dahilan kung ngano ta nagaface ug shortage or scarcity kay tungod na sa atong environment/ awa ragud .  aha man diay gikan ng pagkaon ?  natural resources .  ang tubig ?  natural resources .  oh diba ?  and cge daw .  try holding your money while you stop breathing ?  asa man ka mas mabuhi ?  sa money ?  or sa hangin ?  kung sa tingin mo hindi importante na gawing basehan ang likas na yaman
why even bother with courts ?  between the nancy grace's of the world and several other people i have noticed
er
you didn't answer my question .  .  .  .  . toe says all structures evolved by small
yeah red alert 2 is way better than halo wars .  halo wars sucks big time .  one up-vote for you kroticfate ^^
no you didn't
'3 .  gitmo' i happen to think closing a camp that engaged in torture and the prolonged detainment of 'terrorists' without trial was one of his best choices so far .  but as you said
it seems charlie sheen has gone off the deep end and can't swim .  my sympathies lie with the children .  p . s .  i never did like ole charlie ! 
1 .  you're kidding
scientists are too busy with learning more about what is
obama respects healthcare rights .  i would be dead without healthcare .   . 
if you really respected my belief
he's down-voted so much that he's in the negatives .  i didn't know your point score could go into the negatives . 
it doesn't matter how powerful your computer-powered multiplier of power becomes .  the first time he eats a pizza with something good on it
all of the saw movies are disturbing
this is the question her campaign and the whole democratic party need to answer .  clinton has almost no chance of winning the nomination without causing a rift in the party
no benefits for laid-off religious workers - upi . com another example of religion getting special perks that they shouldn't have .  and unfortunately
no !  !  m totaly dsagre wid dis topic .  what happn to the emotions of a son when he leave his parents 
the one main thing that i see a lot is lol .  do people think that is acceptable to use ?  when you start substituting u for you and r for are you just look stupid
no tennagers that young have to many hormones and dont begin to understand real love till 18 or older and it is wrong and also illeagle to date a minor . 
just in case anyone's interested
don't start with your godless nonsense .   evil is objectively identified in the word of god .  only the spiritually-bankrupt are ignorant of this . 
so every republican president for the last 30 years has been a rino .  .  . and every republican congressman ?   the fact is that government has expanded faster under republican administrations than democratic ones for almost 50 years now
well
remember a little while ago when the quite conservative governor of the quite conservative texas
i aborted my 6 1/2 week old baby and i'm extremely offended by comments that portray me and women like me as 'violent' .  i had my abortion for my own personal reasons that have nothing to do with any of you
nope .  big foot
yes
what ?  ?  ?  you mean they don't think that most people are out to exterminate gays ?  that most people actually do have reasons for their beliefs
i know what your point of view for everything is .  whatever offends the greatest number of people . 
we are not talking about the life of the mother
andy
this i highly doubt .  i think you have the 2nd amendment on your side .  i don't think acknowledging how a firearm facilitates killing weakens your case .  of course neither does your nearly constant condescension and generally insulting style .  it's just annoying . 
you know :d  ( raises eyebrows several times )  the scissor position . 
What you mean is that we should pretend that creationism has some sort of legitimate basis in reality ?  The definitions were accurate .  It would be different if someone could actually offer a scientific theory of creation .  How about some evidence to support the theory . By the way
lockheed martin rolls out poland f-16
considering that there's little new information and reasoning in any of these debates
from an enviromental perspective
a 'pro-life' murderer strikes again .  aren't these extremist nut cases wonderful ?  i hope this sicko does not get the death penalty .  that would not be 'pro-life . '
too late .  the only people around here i see driving new gm products  ( other than p/u trucks )  with temp paper plates were probably on active duty in ww2 . 
how have things improved in saudi arabia ?  ahem !  north korea has only had one change of leadership .  therefore internally it is stable .  as to causing external instability - true it does do that
no i am not talking about the debate question
money cant fix your problems at all you think that they can but they cant .  i care because im tired of people dying for no good reason .  leys say your one of those people that would die .  how would you feel .  that the people who are getting this money is selfish that they care about wealth than lives .  many things are wrong with killing why cant you see that ? 
to ss
yeah
a tongue in cheek and maybe even true look at scientology: http://www . rotten . com/library/religion/scientology/
read the text .  check the dates .  can they be that stupid ?  oh guess that they can . 
okay .  .  .  please don't leave .  you bring too much to the site and don't give him the satisfaction .  i just wish we could get billie back . 
i honestly think israel would be the ones to bear the brunt of all out war with iran .  .  .  .  .  their zeal is unmatched as a fighting force and their simply one of the best period .  .  .  .  oh and did you know they allow gays to serve openly in their military ?  guess old mccain missed that memo too .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
so lets see how many other people are being targeted by the inquisition for their faith by the big three .  let's see there is naturally me .  jp by archie .  and now esdraelon  ( godzilla monster ?  )  questioning romebigred .  .  .  .  so your saying that his beliefs do not hold sway with what the mormons teach ?  or is it just that when he gives you evidence that counters your ignorance on his religion
look im 16 ihave two hours in class i get home at 3 am so get off my back you old hag and im sorry if my spelling isnt as good as you think i go to coolidge high school maybe you should google it ok find it on maps ok
je sens le sens du dj-vu .  .  .  .  .  i guess anyone who questions christianity is anti-christian .  emoticonxrolleyes  i also responded on that thread that there tons of cinderella-type stories from all over the world- does this mean that cinderella really
i have no idea what i did  ( or didn't do )  .  am i doing it now ?  are you shocked ; ) 
three thousand !  !  !  !  if someone demonstrates a change in attitude towards another after hearing another person's story they probably are able to feel some degree of empathy . 
dude you need to realize this: if the claims i make are true
do you have another explanation for fish fossils on mount everest ?  do you have another explanation for the universe ?   (  not including evolution )  do you know everything ?  i don't .  if you know a little bit
i found this by chance and really couldn't resist replying: 'these are people captured on the battlefield . ' please define whjat is measnt by battlefield exactly
you cannot mandate biology .  the fact of the matter is
starting now
i saw the title
it's a fictional book designed to brainwash people into following and giving money to a certain organization .  the bible has limited truth
yeah and there was one debate that i had to stop because it was getting out of hand . 
if there was no god explain how we are here there has to be some sort of god out there its kind of obvious .  .  . 
i have no idea what this means ?  but since you are 10 points away from 30k i thought i'd answer to give ya a point .  .  .  9 to go .  ; ) 
we are all entitled to self-defense
hmmm ?  okay
of course it's morally acceptable; if it's artifical insemination then does it really matter who performs the procedure
if you knew how to use your fingers you would have her wrapped around yours . 
im sorry
neither have i because i'm just that fabulous dear .  .  .  .  hunny i could run circles around your daughters .  after all who has the tiara ?  anyone can out glam palin she can't even spell the word .  i have to carry a razor blade tucked under my thigh because so many of these 'beauty' queens try to top my glamor .  .  .  .  sorry sister there's no gold for second place .  .  .  well if you studied math you'd know that two second place little runner ups does not beat one .  one is a prime number dear and i'm prime choice ! 
she provided the author
so they changed their religion .  i did that too .  i used to be christian .   what denial ?  i am not claiming either the jewish or christian faith is right or wrong .  i am just saying you look like an idiot when you claim to know more about the jewish faith than jews .  this is
i agree to the fllest extent .  'white' is only a color metaphor .  in reality
i agree .  i do not agree with the implication that these are right
it's between grapes of wrath
are you seriously blaming me for the font size of a graphic i found on the internet ?  lol !  !  perhaps you'd be better served to take up your complaint with google so they can track down the phantom of the font .  .  .  it wasn't me: )  p . s .  who was the biggest band you're referring to ?  ? 
easyrider -- that site mentions an archaeologist named p .  bagatti .  i'm not aware of an archaeologist by that name .  i suspect the author may have meant to say 'b .  bagatti
i can personally say all three of the uncharted games are well worth the buy .  the third plays out like an action blockbuster
well you can thank god for that then
you need to simply take a chill pill .  remember
how would you save millions ?  hitler saved the german economy
i'm kidding
you got it !  well not the broccoli thing .  .  .   and i think we could invent a light saber . 
good god !  i well know the difference between an aryan person and the cult of arianism .  there would be absolutely no reason at all to discuss a relatively unknown and ancient religious cult in a junior high level history book .  but all sorts of hidden reasons to bring up the topic of aryans in a racist southern state . 
we went to the parade downtown first off
maybe from 1986
you might look back a little further .  people have been warning for the last 30 years that deindustrialisation is a really bad idea
an obsessive fear of gaining wait - also sprach wikipedia .  they have a fear of gaining wait - by force-feeding them
the 9/11 commission omits the presence of molten steel from their official report .  it took weeks for rescue workers to water-cool the glowing steel beneath the wreckage at ground zero .  it was clearly and prominently visible in a thermal image taken by a usgs satellite on september 16--five days later .  in the video
at no time did i state the component parts of this seperate
but of course
haha haters gonna hate .  i checked out your profile
reagan because he ended the cold war .  bush
characters like our jyosh just want to diminish gays in society
yes
joe
yet it is a conculsion derived without evidence .  it is only based on what is seen in an instant
in defense of the fruit fly
spain is primarily a roman catholic country .  .  .  .  .  .  . they will never let the socialists or the left allow gay marriage i nthat country .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  you can take that to the bank
mass .  lawmakers delay vote on gay-marriage ban  the anti-gay family groups  ( mass resistance
that's really interesting and that would be awesome if i could ask you questions my college course is based on biology so i could use the help xd i can see why it would put you off certain things : ) 
the fact is that these countries supplied trained terrorists that hijacked the planes that were used in the 9/11 attacks .  the fact is that these countries are hosts of al qaeda training camps your 'proof' that iraq deserves or military onslaught is a jordanian terrorist named zarqawi operating out of iraq .  he was a terrorist in jordan before he moved to iraq
according to the news he admitted to getting meth from the guy and getting a 'massage' from the guy .  but not sex .  http://www . breitbart . com/news/2006/11/03/d8l5pjlo0 . html
i guess that means alan_ryan's reply was worthy since you responded to it .  : ) 
hopefully the democrats will finally get the message that we don't want their freaking liberal ideas .  ; ) 
and you
oh no
it isn't one of the crapy ones
i only created one and there is some on here that do want it to be legalized .  you need to stop lying to yourself . 
the problem
star wars
horses are my favorite animal .  there is nothing more beautiful than a horse .  they are beautiful to look at
fortunately
hell i've been on here twenty days short of three years and i have 1600 points
the fact that america needs a republican congress is evidenced by the past records of the two major parties .  things take a turn for the worse everytime the liberals get control .  liberalism is a mental disorder . 
well .  .  there have been plenty of jesus' till this day .  i just don't believe that a certain jesus came to this planet
i must say
no
those who don't have god as their moral compass are the ones who are responsible for 99% of crimes committed to humanity .  what are you talking about ?  except for communists i can't think of any crimes committed by atheists .  as for crimes committed by people who believe in god ?  pick a war .  .  . seriously
my dear
if it's any comfort
it does prove mathematically .  i provided the necessary formula .   on the second point
 about 61% of abortions are obtained by women who have one or more children .  wow that one really blew my mind .  can i ask
she is ugly .  i can't believe that anyone would think that she's good looking .  she is also stupid
i have seen these debates and granted mine are not the best debates and may just be plain and simple retarded but my answers match the question .  at least i think they do .  but all you have to do is skip right over them . 
cool
tsk tsk .  on the iidb board
yes
toyota is responsible for hundreds of car crashes and the injuries of hundreds of people .  yes there is always a chance of dying in a car yes no car is perfectly safe but there is a safer car and a reduced chance of dying .   the government bullies everybody who does something bad on a large scale .  they are bullying goldman sachs
british findings by the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists: abortion is safer than having a baby
surprised that you can find the silver lining in things ?  ; ) 
i doubt it
no only does the experiences one has make that person
i'd argue that the woman wants to control who lives or dies .  that's scarier to me .  emoticonxrolleyes
again
in florida about 7 . 5 million votes were cast for president .  bush has the lead
i don't believe in any gods because like you said there's nobody who can prove they exist .  there's no evidence to support any supernatural things so therfore the only logical conclusion is to not accept them .  thus i am not convinced
you mean illegals ?  so that would mean a fetus
oh my how i love pie .  i don't know if i could pick a favorite .  love dutch apple
is that with the coach who threw a temper tantrum and yelled at the ump and then after getting called out of the game
of course it is known that wild animals that are sick just die from natural selection ( they get eaten
xxxxx as folk all the way .  too bad it has ended : (  i loved the show boston common when it was on .  star trek ng was the best show for a whlie .  i would have to say that the only show that is still on that we really love is 2 1/2 men that show is pretty funny and has good writting . 
overland park here .  @big bear scot- you may not be getting the response you hoped because americans just don't watch near as much soccer as the rest of the world does .  i think it's as simple as that .  i'm not leveling an insult here or anything
good start .  now the question becomes where did the stuff for the big bang come from ?  you see
i also think 'tom cruise's gay penis' is a bit too offensive toward gays and i would never have that name because of that .  besides think about how gay it sounds to say 'i'm going to see tom cruise's gay penis in concert tonight !  !  ! ' ; ) 
in least they all should be sterilized
why would you sell your genetic advantage to other people ?  you would become a lot less valuable commodity . 
i love tattoos
Well
and some people have no sense of humor and take everything way too seriously .  .  .  which i find pathetic .  .  .  .  just sayin'
there are many problems with society depending on which part of society one belongs to .  i don't know that i'd call them a series because some are unrelated .  there's a serious problem of apathy in education .  people don't seem to want to learn . 
roflmao !  are you so foolish to believe that the judges would choose to try this case regarding prop 8 constitutionality if prop 8 had already resolved this issue in the first place ?  you obviously either fail to understand the argument being presented
that's what my parents did .  they saved coins for about 10 years in a huge 3ft jar shaped like a giant bottle .  anyway
loaded question if i ever saw one .  gay dreams are pretty common among men
that is a poor argument .  if you want to become better at debate
my favorite tv shows are given below:- dexter glee icarly  game of thrones friends
yeah
can you please share how the 4000+ are spared ?  i think it would make a difference ! 
yes .  . i wrote it for a class-philosphy .  i got a 'b' for the paper and an 'a' for the class . 
my school blocks cd and none of the proxies i know of get around the blog block .  but nevertheless i am glad that my school blocks it because if it did not i would be unfocused on my school work and spend the whole day pretending to do work while all i would be posting debates all period long . 
very nice propaganda
i responded to you because you said 'i beg to differ' .  i was just providing my personal insight .  you do have an interesting point that lower iqs would fail to see flaws . 
i never thought of that
well
this isnt true just because you are one exception doesn't make what i said false .  i said people who prefer samsung are often people who know stuff about computers and soft ware . 
'hes the one he likes all our pretty songs and he likes to sing along and he likes to shoot his gun but he dont know what it means dont know what it means' from in bloom - nirvana
i agree
some of the young people today need to red the bible it is proved that god made the eirth
then why you keep reponding
regardless you still put forth a premse in your rebuttal which is not subject to either proof or disproof .  or do you thnk otherwise ?  your premise requires that abiogenesis is impossible and asserts the same .  its highly illogical to make such a claim . 
my face is in this topic link below i started a few weeks ago
you can't be nk .  they aren't even allowed to play sports
yep
your only evidence has been nothing more than personal increduality .  'since miller isn't here
do you ever originate a post and talk about the subject of the thread or just attack people who have a diferent opinion then you do ?  just curious .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
as if 'broadening' something can't possibly dilute it .  i'm just sure a glass of napa valley merlot would taste better if we broaden it by pouring in a half-glass of chardonnay .  wine is wine
Is there anyone here who is pro choice and does not subscribe to moral relativism  ( ie:the idea that there is no such thing as absolute right or wrong ?  If so
then we're seriously taking over life in a ridiculous way .  let nature take its course .  i don't have an argument of why this shouldn't happen .  i think its interesting to learn about how you do and stuff
i'm an atheist and i support you 100% .  fuck all the fags .  their lifestyle is a choice and the concept of gay marriage is a mockery of the institution . 
i didn't say it was making me hungry .  i asked if i said that
calvinism: total depravity unconditional election limited atonement irresistible grace perseverance of the saints arminianism: humans free will conditional election universal atonement resistible grace fall from grace
you're an idiot that believes the guff spouted from the nation of islam . 
have to be careful not to over-complicate the page
i get 4 after 9 hours of school .  suck it up .  --------------------------------------------------
By definition
definitely .  it never occurred to me
i would argue that the world is in fact buddhist .  whether they call their faith or process buddhism or not the experience of suffering and overcome suffering is buddhist by nature .   you can see buddhism being embraced in almost every walk of life be it yoga or atheist solutions to problems / suffering
i'm watching letting go of god now and following it up by the other two . 
i don't think lindsay lohan is a good example of any group of people .  .  .  when i was younger i worked in retail and thieves were everywhere .  .  .  they just stole because they wanted stuff they couldn't afford .  depends on what they were stealing while you worked in retail .  and even if they did steal them
um
i'm only rabidly against something so obviously untrue as that of mainstream religion .  my argument is that the only reason it is mainstream is that we continually perpetuate it by indoctrinating our kids with it .  do you honestly believe you would have found whatever religion you prescribe to if you had not been persuaded to from an early age ?  why didn't you pick islam ?  the only difference in christianity and islam in my mind is that islam happens to be the religion of poor states that have been oppressed by empire states .  if christianity was the religion in the middle east and northern africa and the west was islamic
the nra also filed suit this week .  yeah
eric cartman has always had me since day one .  love that fat
no .  i will quote myself here: anything we do at this point to attempt a 'bailout' will have a net result of putting more people in hoovervilles and eating out of dumpsters .  i am advocating not trying to throw trillions of dollars at a problem that cannot be solved just by throwing money at it
have you been reading my posts in the other debate ? 
i prefer the playstation because you get to have free to play online and you don't have to pay online .   you have some major titles that xbox doesn't have like infamous
nope .   the first part is factual .  only those who want to see saddam as a martyr will do so .   the last part are currently 3 types who seem to be calling him one .  the only one's who've called him a martyr in the hours of media on this subject i've covered have been small bands of his former followers
Rubbish
it's about looking for a point in spacetimewhere none applies .  covering the entire universe
even though i am extremely liberal
sorry
or maybe we have a mental disability ?  yes
Perhaps when the Roman Catholic Church has cleansed itself of its own sins it could have a dialogue with women about abortion--WHICH IS NOT A SIN . 
i don't care what the definition is .  .  . i can't even get you kooks to answer if information exists or not
pro-choice is a sexist concept .  it only applies to women .  pro-choice doesn't give you much of a choice .  sugar coating it doesn't change the fact that the sexist term
i agree
There'll be cheering for our results on the pro-life side and denouncing us angrily on the pro-choice side
unlike today's anti-god revisionists
religion makes people dumb .  more accurately it preys upon their dumbness . 
unfortunately
teh interweb told me: and even if they didn't sell it
i was just wanting to make sure it was in the new testiment .  my reason for this is you said .  .  .  if the verse were from the old testiment
indeed .  it relies on an all powerful unrestrained government to run the businesses
george bush: 'people who want to be a citizen of this country ought to learn english
paralyzed by indecision ?  are you on crack ?  real american ?  that is a joke coming from you .  my wife wears a spent shell around her neck on a chain that i took for this country .   does army count ?  i have
more people actuallysupport the fsm school of creationsim - would you agree that this could be a suitable compromise ? 
The whole point is that you can't use this warped version of the Razor for hypothesis testing .  In the example
If the intent behind the Chicago handgun ban is truly racist then why allow blacks to own rifles ? 
i have had to really change my point of view of how people  ( male and female )  look at life lately
Just interjecting .  .  . several of the letters attributed to Paul were not writen by his hand according to most biblical scholars . 
Can you tell me where in the New Testament it says that the Sabbath has to be done on Sunday ?  It's traditional
How about Dohzhansky produced ?  How do you ignore that ?  Come on
i'm not to sure but i think it happened around the late 90's when hollywood decided that it was mainly ilm going up against industrial light & magic  ( for anyone who doesn't have it click
Well
i am offering any of you creationists
i thought it was common knowledge that merv was gay .  it may have been an opinion piece  ( as are all blogs ) 
a loophole has been identified and a bill has been introduced to close it ? 
Please
Many died at the hands of slavery .  But it's beside the point .  Pointing out bad things that have happened in Christianity in no way refutes that good things have happened as well .  You're arguing from a position of complete nonacceptance of good from religion .  I'm arguing both: that religion has been good AND bad .  You're ONLY arguing the bad and can't bring yourself to accept  ( or admit )  that it has and can also be good .  And when that good is pointed out with real examples
You should also note that the one scenario I think the death penalty is acceptable for is if they try to escape using violence or if they attack another prisoner .  This has shown that they are willing to commit acts of violence and frankly have nothing to 
i don't think personal attacks are the route to take
this is directly from their website: thousands did not die
One of the fundamental purpose of the union of a man and a woman is to create progeny . 
cute
nice picture
I'd love to hear how some of these anti-theists would explain how to square wiping out all evil  ( decisions with negative consequences )  while leaving people freedom of choice .  You don't want to be mindless robot
in the eyes of god
ah yes they can cartels and monopolies can be illegal .  funny that
when have liberals ever been upset and outraged over a criminal being given a deal ?  who do you think if offering them up ? 
Yeah
<buzz>wrong
i'm not saying you shouldn't argue against their weak moral position .  i'm saying you shouldn't assume their emotions are what they would have to feel towards you to still oppose you if they shared your ethical system .  of course they don't make one right .  as for the kool-aid: i often see this referenced in arguments between americans
This statement is wrong .  People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born
in some people's minds god's existence has already been proven .  also
isn't controversial ?  It isn't controversial because the vast majority of Christian sects HAVE NO PROBLEM with it .  It's not controversial because the christians aren't making it controversial . 
it is safe
i'm wondering
such an obvious ad hominem argument and obvious diversionary tactic .  being unable to address the substance of my post
i can see your point
becuase the thread is primarily focused on the initial outbreak and spread of aids in the us
how very true .  care to guess on which side you fall ? 
that is beside the point--it is still the civil rights of black people that gay lobbyists often try to piggyback off of .   it's disingenuous to suggest that gay people have suffered anywhere near the same level of oppression . 
So its basicly an argument against those who wants to ban weapons without changing the constitution ? 
stabbing yourself is not ok
are you joking ?  christians cannot legally be discriminated against in employment
simple: there was no copying .  only a fool would expect a definitive answer .  congradulations on finding a source .  now
I do however question why he took such a job in the first place .  He had to have known that this was part of his duties as the laws currently stand . 
wrong again
iceland
truth can be both subjective & objective bryers choclate chip ice cream is the best in the world .  true for me
yes
so you are saying that genesis is a scientific fact .  ok
walking around naked endangers my right to innocent thought .  watching little girls in the bathroom endangers their right to privacy .  gay marriage does not affect anyone other than those getting married .  if you could effectively prove that two homosexuals marrying each other would harm me physically or mentally
Sorry
what do you care if i type it out or someone else does
this is nonsense .  iremaeus and clement of alexandria both attribute the gospel of john to john .  these liberal theories of yours are only that - theories
well
banks have been lending on 5 times salary for mortgages
woopiee .  .  .  i would have to say that you are putting yourself deeper and deeper into the ccoi every post you are making .  you see
yes
Yes
It is a pattern .  What I see as an important mechanism to get out of poverty is education .  The conseravtive religious people in the more poverty stricken areas are taught that education is 'evil' because it deny's the bible .  How often have you seen some red necked hick talk about Athesitic darwinism
I'm saying that given ADEQUATE EVIDENCE
Matthew has shown that he has an extremely black and white view of the world .  He doesn't understand that people can disagree with gay peoples' behavior and still care about gay people . 
all the laws in the world won't work
did come out of your butt ?   it seems it has the same quality as the stuff that normally leaves such a area . 
let's review the op: so
I find it funny how a person can see how wrong it is to kill a baby after cutting it from a womb
i do understand that
peter was obviously there are more writings of peter apart from the gospel of mark and 1 & 2 peter you find in the bible .  .  .  .  you will discover it is not only the bible that the church use for their deposit of faith but a number of other writings regarded as sacred tradition .  it was peter and the apostles who had influence over paul not vice versa .  if peter and the apostles influenced paul and peter had primacy among the apostles obviously it was peter who influenced the church not paul
ases of aversion against gays
for someone seemingly hellbent on accusing atheists of not understanding any other points of view
well
steeeeve
who wouldn't choose to go to heaven if such a place actually existed ?  there is no lock on the pearly-gates .  that is what it means to be all-loving and all-forgiving as well .  i know
A very good friend of mine has a Masters in theology from an accredited institution .  She is also hosting my wedding to my partner in the fall .  She is a christian but she doen't share your beliefs . 
  reading this synopsis  it looks like due process
Nonsense .  An interacial marriage is exactly the same as a single race marriage .  Your argument is meaningless not mine .  I did not say there is no right to same sex marriage and I did not say that same sex marriages should be illegal .  .  . I thought that you read my posts .  . you obviously do not .  .  .  .  .  . 
 .  .  . and how military personnel are no barrier to repealing gay exclusion rules
even with the supreme court ruling
no !  i think that's god's work
that is of course absurd !  you are pretending based on a psychological issue of yours .  take your pick from the conservative intellectual canon - aristotle
If I am to believe in something even if it's scientific
If killing were an act of justice I could take upon myself
ok
you can stop with the word games
foundit
Of course you are .   The American Psychological Association has published research showing that women
i can't protect my family from extended family interference without marriage .  i can't designate who will receive my social security benifits without marriage .  i can't protect my partner from having to pay 50% inheritence taxes on a property she already owns without marraige .  i can't live in an assisted living center with my partner if/when that time should come
you behave as if i have to demonstrate that no ider has ever tried to use ic to support id .  i do not and i have made no claims that one could not .  'the two points within the video do actually disprove what you said .  you said that ic cannot be used to support id .  when in fact
more stupidity .  neither your site nor vor substance free posts proves that 99% of abortions are 'murder . ' besides
lol
How are you going to stop an airline employee that has access to the airplanes from hiding a gun onboard the airplanes for terrorists to use ?  Nice use of the term weapon by you in past post .  Any item a person is carrying can be used as a weapon
Normal folks
Who said anything about rape ?  Peter Tatchell 
und the country using those talking points without any actual knowledge of what he's even talking about
well
hey archie
LOL
what ?  is this an indictment of capitalism ?  if it is
It is only because we eat too much meat and I had said that before .  The point about needing animal protien wasn't that we aren't getting enough
the people's interest trumps your right to privacy when a warrant is issued .  a nics check addresses the 'with no knowledge' part of your scenario .  this is what i support .  ca law already . 
this is silly .  you say you are using the article as justification for the question and then you want to call us dishonest when you don't even cite the article or the newspaper it comes from ?  there are two words that come to mind describing this situtation: mendacious is one  .  .  .  hacktacular is another  .  .  . 
there still have been no white people demonstrating about the blatant racist killlings of two white men by a black man in florida .  also president obama has not declared that these white men could have looked like his sons had he married a white girl (  which is reasonable considering he is a half caste )  
wow
you asked a question
Look
emoticonxwowtrying to weed through this mess reminds me of the govenor on the movie 'best little whore house in texas' if you remember the song just a little side step ! 
 in a link he gave over at the USAT Creation / Evolution Forum:
you make a great point
Why is the CHOICE of religion more worthy of Constitutional protection that any other choice . emoticonXConfused
do you claim this happened by mutation ?  if so
we are far from jw's in that we do not deny the deity of jesus christ or the trinity .  we are christian through and through .   i am not really willing to give up info on me .  the website would be just a bit too close to home for me .  i will cut and paste our essentials from the website though . 
now orion
The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments
you haven't provided any evidence the bible is a fairy tale .  but i do think you like the sound of those last two words in the previous sentence .  it's god or the government  ( romans 13 )  in the nt who dispense capital punishment .  if you weren't so consumed with your illicit gay sex escapades to read the nt you would have known that .  keep screwing around and god himself just might take you and/or your buddy jazy off the earth like he did with annanias sapphira in the book of acts . 
well for the most part dou you are flawed indeed .  you see we are already fighting a war .  like i said we cannot solve all the worlds problems
i don't think so .   sorry
The upheaval due to movement in oceanic and continental plates currently outpaces the rate of erosion .  This is know and quantifiable given that all branches of sciences and all current forms of dating back it up . 
Nope
you've got one little fly in the ointment there
absolutely .  even worse are the rights of unmarried fathers
Originally Posted by sinjin   You are welcome to carry ordinance in international waters all you like . 
it should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco .  not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer .  lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall .  furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs
do you consider the patriot system a missile defense system ?  did it not work on occasion for israel ?  does obama's intent to abandon israel mean anything to you ? 
why are there so many people that express interest in who i love ?   ( a rhetorical question )  why are there so many people that express interest in how i love ?   ( also a rhetorical question )  with all of the atrocities in this country and the world
 ?  They aren't like puppies or chickens
ah
You are correct .  I did not know that S Africa had abolished the death penalty .  No death penaltyno death penalty for firearms posession .     S Africa has the most restrictive gun laws on the planet .  They also have the highets murder rate in the western wor
Indeed
kinda all .  im just supposed to be debating against a pro-lifer .  kinda trying to convince how roe v .  wade isnt wrong or immoral .  i had to clear it with the theology department at my hs .  any input is appreciated
that they are fairy tales is merely your conceit
the following is edited down to one point: social security is not strictly 'disability' insurance .  it is old-age insurance and also covers the disabled in certain cases . 
how so ?  do you mean to treat others
seems your post has take the wrong turn .  somebody with the opposite view may post .  'who should make the choice
although it must be noted that some percentage of the weapons that were not traceable could well have come from north of the border as well .  then there's the weapons we were not asked to trace .  do we know where those came from ?  in truth
just to stir the pot a little .  we all have things that we feel are just plain 'wrong' .  federal funding of social programs
So would you ?  I think I certainly would .  I also asked a lot of people around here  ( my local )  if they would
Similarly
This isn't evidence
you fruit the answers to all your questions are in the bible .  read it and youll be amazed .  yah it sucks that a God would kill you for not believing in him but who said life was fair ?  when spiritual end times come and your left behind youll wonder whats going on .  well you can be prepared .  read revelations .  read the gospels
and certain versions of mark: 15he said to them
atheism is not a belief in the typical sense .  it is a non-belief .  it is the abscence of belief .   a theist is one who beleives in one form of a diety or another .   the prefix 'a' means without .  thus an atheist is one without a beleif in one form of a diety or another .  as to the idea of your question my non beleif comes from the lack of evidence and logic in support of god as well as a lack of understanding of what is meant by 'god' . 
great
where are those who hate all christians that are members of congregations led by those radical preachers that abhor homosexualality ?   why have they not spoken out against this hatred of white people espoused by obama's mentor and spiritual advisor ?  why is obama still a member of a hate-driven church ?  can you support a first lady that was not proud of the united states until her husband went to the top ?  do you suppose she hates white people like her pastor seems to ?  what connection does the obama campaign have with the black panther party ?  it appears to me that the democrats will soon have a chance to elect a real monster .  .  . no matter which one they decide to promote . 
ooo
The Houston Museum of Natural Science  ( HMNS )  has announced that Lucy will be making a tour of the U . S .  She will begin
i think you have berezovsky in mind .   the british refusal to return boris berezovsky to russia
true .  it would have to go through the lower courts unless 'fast-tracked' .  scotus could rule that ffca isn't applicable because it is a license issue and not a statute .  that's the sad state of affairs that exists today .  we can't depend on the scotus acting in accordance with the constitution .  emoticonxmad  imo
This is clearly the worst one .  Mr .  Harvey shows his ignorance and dislike of science . 
1 )  can you prove what you claimed earlier ?  you claimed that what i was saying was 'wrong'
so .  .  eh ?  ?  hows this sound ?  will it fly with conservatives and progressives ?  i think so .  -mosheh thezion emoticonxhoho
the only reason that it will be a mac is because of the information that is still inside of the computer that should be removed if you want to take the whole brain .  you have to remember that the human mind is not just a hard drive .  it is also the processor  ( brain )  as well as the motherboard  ( connector of inputs and outputs )  and the ram  ( short term memory )  .  there is nothing else in the human body that can better fit the role of any of these four components .  this is also the core of what determines if a computer is a mac or a pc .  if you take all these pieces from your pc and put them in a mac then you have a pc .  this is the case since you will be able to run pc-only applications and not mac-only applications . 
abortion
 .  .  . but I still don't see any evolution in the peppered moths !  ! 
that just shows how nutty it is .  using your argument
thanks
I don't have to support the behavior associated with some innate propensities but I have no right to condemn or judge someone for not being able to overcome them .  In fact I have no right to suggest they even try if it doesn't impact me directly and negatively .  What gay people do or don't do defines my life zip
nope
She has enough low cunning to make the toxic bullets
but by that definition
I agree
Wrong .  My gasoline prices vary from day to day  ( especially so
at least with sport the best players are fairly easily identified
if they have banned guns why are swords any different ?  if you don't see the need for one kind of weapon what is the point of admitting the other has a use ?  seems completely reasonable to me . 
Since only abstinence is 100% effective you are in effect suggesting that unless you're prepared to raise a child
With the electoral college system a vote in ________ is worth more or less than a vote in ___________ .  That is not democracy .  In democracy the majority rule and thats how it should be . 
Its pet peeve of mine
es' past  ( from many years ago in fact )  in their faces when they mess up . 
we do have the models of conduct of pan asian families
2005 publicized aid to Israel was $5-billion
i suggest that nobody should respond to ez's demands for a cure-all solution until he publicly acknowledges that one may be capable of spotting a problem without necessarily knowing how to fix it .  i have submitted as much to him before with no response .  he simply acts as if the question has not been asked .  perhaps our conversations with ez would be more fruitful if we agreed amongst ourselves which question we wanted answered
It turns out
Well
when a tumor grows to full term does it then think and act independently of its host ?  no it doesn't .  and what is full term for a tumor
i'm not going to argue with you if he does or doesn't .  you'll have to take that up with some of the people in the gay rights movement .  my point is that many people who have fought for human rights claim religion as part of their inspiration
well
polgamy is against the law
God created all things in Kinds - a supergiant group . 
Not the way I see it from my experiences .  I let the readers decide on their own . 
Humans have an average life expectancy of 70-75 yearsÂ…with a maximum of around 120 .  But what happens if a man marries his first cousin ?  It has been shown that life expectancy of such offspring diminishes by 10 years .  This is because of the large numbe
Social security
Would you agree that the logic is flawed in both cases ?  Whether you say You go against God you reap what you so or you preach hate you reap what you sow  ( in short )  ? 
CCW LAWS ARE FOR TRACKING GUN OWNERS WHO EXERCISE THIER RIGHTS !  !  ! 
rationalization is probably the worst way to prove what you are doing is 'ok' .   this is what you sound like 'well
i'm surprised that some of the more frothing liberals here have not yet suggested that we now have a way of tracking and potentially treating the 'abnormal' brains of conservatives . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO just because I stated that some presidents .  .  .  . cough .  .  .  .  Clinton .  .  .  .  .  .  . don't get experience in one term doesn't
i don't have to do that .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . if there were not abortions being performed in the 3rd trimester then why would the u . s .  senate pass a bill banning it ? 
i'd say a restraint fiscally would naturally cause better foreign relations .  hard to make people happy when you attack other countries causing you to spend well into debt thus lowering your economy and bringing other economies with it .  and another thing
ecause of his direct encounter with Christ in a special way .  It is not necessary that all the apostles should be equally inspired to only write teachings and letters like Paul
That's why you don't find them much below the Arctic circle .  Anyway
sure they would .  their belief does not confirm or deny the validity of the resurrection .  it shows traditionally the died for him
did you miss the part where it is .  .  .  the attempt to abort .  which kills the women .     it is not child birth that kills those women .     it is an attempt to abort .       if they didnt try and kill their baby .  .  they would not of died .     Having a child
You never answered this DHARD .  Or is that just your style
Well I am a parent .  And that is a very loaded question .  I am also a person that holds the Bible in high regard .  Included are God's standards for acceptable and unacceptable behavior regarding human sexuality emoticonXAngel
nfa
most schools also have rules regarding the age of those who can attend prom
nslation: the government will tell the citizens what kind of bank account they need to get to save up for their own health costs -- then pay it yourself .  We constantly hear that a major reason for the increase in health care costs is the cost of the uninsured .  How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money ?  Once again
ssues I raised in my OP regarding the initial formation of breasts . 
imo
 shouldn't be a percentage .  By that approach
here's a thought: hitler was democratically elected .  therefore
do you speak english ?  no one mentioned insurance against theft . 
so three people getting filthy rich while everyone else starves is a good thing ?  cultural degradation doesn't lead to stability
diogenes raises a good point
If your body split and grew another body identical to you
common sense .  the number of living species that have escaped our attention cannot compare to those that have gone extinct over several billion years of life with numerous mass extinctions
1 .  i think a lot of women take take the easy way out when it comes to and abortion for the reasons i have stated over and over again .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  2 .  what i said was it seems you can't pick up the newspaper these days and not see a case of where some woman has abandoned a new born baby in a trash can or dumpster .  .  .  .  .  .  . it never use to be that way .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
islam is very clear that mohammed received the quran from an angel .  not god .  as you may or may not know
LOL
   What is so doubtful about it ?  It makes sense to me . 
The Truth: Heston took his NRA show to Denver and did and said exactly what we recounted <movie . php ? movheston> .  From the end of my narration setting up Heston's speech in Denver
matthew
I am sayin that salvation is not a choice .  We are pre-destined by God and the Bible clearly states this fact .  No free will does not exist .  Rom .  8:29  But read 8:26-39 so you can read it in context .  Ephesians 1:5  But read 1:1-23 so you can read it in context . 
do you think that english is in some way uniquely suited to the pursuit of science ?  there is a pretty long history of science in india .  i'm not an expert on pre-colonial india but i'm pretty certain it was not the primitive land you seem to think it was .  western science could have been obtained by other sources than colonisation .  japan is an alternative example of how trade with the west might have occured . 
we're still waiting on you to show how the government will determine coverage with your plan .  and more importantly
ok ill ask it in a different way has anyone obseved us evolving frmo monkeys ?  .  .  .  .  .   (  crickets in the background ) 
rape is rape and gang rape is gang rape and i don't need to read any stinkin' bills of attainder to determine that .  but then
interracial couple denied marriage license in la .  - yahoo !  news
you implied with you catty comeback that i was mistaken in stating that hitler started out as an insignificant foot soldier . 
i think your question should be 'why did god make commandments ? ' because that's what 'thou shalt not kill
Well
the senate passed a ban on partial birth abortion today .  it will go through for sure in the house and bush will sign it for sure .   some of the baby murder ends here !  clinton vetoed this bill twice
But what's REAL truth ?  The real truth is evolutionists can't even get that right .  The real truth is that members of the same species almost always work together for the benefit of the population . 
well
Er
so if he 'found jesus' he could be the president ?  just like the current occupant of the white house . 
i believe dametel is referring to leviticus 20:13 - 'if a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman
i was going to respond to jake
yet you have no idea what kind of marriage bill and hillary have .  they could have and open marriage
no doubt that people who are determined to be anti-bush will always try and find something wrong with it
quite so .  i am having great difficulty understanding why you think your opinion should be made law in the universe ?  have you ever for a moment stopped to think that perhaps you could be wrong ? 
look
that is because all citizens are born here
like stem cell research
no
if a police officer can't tell that something like this is obviously a toy
no crime at shooting ranges ?  from a quick google search: 'a gunman already facing attempted murder charges barricaded himself inside an indoor shooting range with a group of hostages and held them for 10 hours before killing himself early friday
supersport
that's a matter of interpretation
the car crash analogy only goes so far .  the consequence of a car crash is merely damaged property .   not all unwanted pregnancies are due to unprotected sex or irresponsibility
did you watch the video ?  this is not about liberals vs .  conservatives .  the argument is that a childs success is not by any means proportional to the sexual orientation of its parents .  mr .  wahls is an example of that .  good parenting and luck is what's needed to instigate success in a child .  you seem to insinuate that is done only by 'liberals'  ( man
so says the offspring of islam .  .  .  .  . still wrong but vehement in his certitude .  sheer bluster and effrontery does nothing to counter jo's calm and factual comments . 
This is not very helpful to you .  .  .  first off
^^^^ .  . not exactly
you have avoided this whole conversation .  i don't even know where this point came from .   is the question will education and contraception help reduce teen pregnancy ?  yeah
few people can be bothered with generating the emotion hatred for a level of intellectualism confined by an antiquated
The ONLY reason is natural selection .  Evolution is not needed . 
No
i am sorry but i have a hard time having compassion for gays thay engage in anal intercourse and fail to use protection .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . that is how most cases of aids are passed in this country .  .  .  .  that is just me though .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
your link to not go to a definition of marriage .  ot goes to a link for the word: marauder-marauder - one who
Those quotes have nothing to do with abortion .  This one has to do with babys in the woumb     Befor I formmed you in the woumb
And here you go AGAIN AA .  You are indirectly comparing gays to rapists
you know you and tither could stop quoting from sources like ammoland . com if you want to be taken seriously .  i'm not going to go back and read 29 pages hoping to find something that is actually worth reading .  i'm not going to try to find a needle in a haystack . 
does anyone but chuz see this as anything but avoiding the question ? 
i don't know what you would call it .  you use a variety of english i am not familiar with .  perhaps dna contains just 'codes'
maybe homophobia therefore is a normal reaction and should not be repressed . 
emoticonxrolleyes no .  not always credible .  and i take it as credible .  the woman's bias is not automatic cause for dismissal .  you are biased against gay equality
i find that laughable .  is the state infalliable ?   i disagree .  at least 23 have been executed innocently
you're wrong about evolution--it's been observed .  it's real
stop making fun of it .  .  .  how old are you anyway
the big problem is that most of that tax money neither goes towards the needs or the wants of the american people
And what of people who oppose homosexual relations or legalized gay marriage
i am speaking of the christian church .  no offense to folks of other faiths .  i am simply interested in what folks of any faith would say to this .   as a protestant
I have to ask: have you actually read what you just quoted ?     I know that must sound rude
I wonder what ever happened to the concept of freedom of speech .  The day that I have to start worrying about the USA extraditing me to a foreign country because I advocated the death of a Castro wannabe
i know more about human nature than you do .  i'm beginning to not see much point in continuing this argument with you either
It may be perfectly legitimate to make these inferences
sadam was horrible
what about the fact that scientific information allways changes to suit what is observed .  it isnt consistent .  dont get me wrong
a terrorist attack has been carried out on the airport in the city where i live .  at this time we do not know if anybody was killed
you cannot change the fact that sanger advocates a 'cleaner' race
anything granted is not a right
as has been pointed out to you now more than once
again you're missing the historical context just as timothy mcveigh did .  locke was an english philosopher who died in 1704 so he wasn't involved in writing the constitution .  did you know that jefferson was an advocate of racial segregation ?  'nor is it less certain that the two races
well
i think you may be taking our objections a bit too seriously .  what he said was stupid and homophobic
i thought this was a great artical and great spot .  http://www . youtube . com/watch ? vxssno38e6eu
i fail to understand the fascination with mrs .  kerry's wealth .  george washington inherited wealth
so do you think a male teacher would also receve a similar sentance as a female teacher ? 
is there more ?  yup !  i was referring to your outright statement that there was 'no liberal party' when indeed there is one almost in every country .  you paint with a broad brush and don't have a clue what the color happens to be .  i don't suppose you need to be a member to be educated enough to realize the different parties even though you claim to vote and the parties are listed on the ballot ?  in other words
Supposing she drank heavily before she knew she was pregnant . 
activists judges
and you never know when a word of god will touch you
Kronus
i checked the vpc website- the number includes 15 suicides .  only a very small percentage of homicides are classified as self defense killings according to the fbi so it's improbable that most of these killings can be explained away as being self defense killings . 
hey
I'm having difficulty here .  Maybe a list of what is taught as science now that would be disqualified would simplify things ?  As has been said
legislative solutions and popular appeal are not the same thing .  the legislature is hired to do what's right
the show 'seinfeld' was absolutely hilarious .  his stand up comedy is also great . 
just privatise the road system and let the owners set the rules for drunkeness
exactly !  because you supposedly have no use for guns
morality
the risk of homicide in the home is three times greater in households with guns . 3 the risk of suicide is five times greater in households with guns . 4 what's more
you don't think we could find denizens of stormfront who would claim that they don't hate black people but they think it is sinful for white and black people to have relationships
i think he basically intimated that only believers have anything of worth to contribute to american society
my biggest problem with the gay rights issue is their tireless and often deceptive efforts to drag science into the whole thing .  we know that there is nothing that ties biology and genes into sexual orientation
Then I guess you haven't been paying much attention in our last few conversations .  When it comes to your views on homosexuality and homophobia
here they take one of two national college entrance exams
'most of the time' is not good enough .  killing animals is murdering members of other species and those same guns can be used and are used for killing humans .  the same applies to guns used for target shooting .  you can take them home
Capuchins ?  The monks ?        Are you saying monkeys are smarter than monks ? 
from what i can tell
quotegeorged 1 )  crucial difference is that the un gave israel a piece of land in the middle east .  .  .  .  not so for china in tibet .  2 )  you don't care about the fact that 80
quotezachvaci'm just saying that i'm using the exact same reasoning as you yet you reject my sleep requirement and accept a drug test .  bull sleep and drugs are completley different .  what you fail to provide when saying this is how sleep can be just as violent as drugs . 
hmmm
here is a thread where we can go at each others throats
Religion faith in a deity or deities  ( rough definition )   Atheism lack of religion/deities  Therefore
keep the timeframe in mind .  do you believe that our school systems are worse than education 1000 years ago ?  by the way
there are no criminal penalties for private individuals and organizations violating the constitutional rights of other private individuals .  your backpack and person may be searched without a warrant if they have reason to suspect you of having stolen something .  as there are no penalties that means there is no crime having been committed .  the civil rights act of 1964 is another matter of discussion entirely .  unfortunately until lower court cases build precedent to show that firearms ownership is a civil right and will be treated as such there is nothing that can be done when private individuals choose to prohibit firearms on said property . 
no i mean why not for people .  can we not control our selves ? 
and therein lies the rub .  anybody honest enough to denounce our socialist leaning predecessors in congress and the whitehouse could never get enough financial support from those that suckle off the gov't teat calling themselves 'democrats' of all things . 
whosoever shall be guilty of rape
no .  it would show that the government actually opposed the hostage takers .   over the last generation or so
palin was giggling with joy when she saw how her supporters responded to her racist hints .  it's just what she wanted and she made no effort to tamp it down . 
perhaps .  but which would you rather have: promiscuity without protection or with ?  the distinction can matter
 EVERY STATE
If they turn to God he will make their way and grant their heart's desires . 
i'm assuming static because that's the case i'm interested in .  in real terms
I support laws that are in no way incongruous with the Constitution .  If we are to limit free speech by ANYONE
this really would be a good question .   since those of specific faiths tout that to engage in sexual intercourse out of wedlock is bad
Good I will be linking this view of yours in the future .  What you say will be used against you . 
this makes no sense .  bet does not exist to be exclusive entertainment for blacks .  it is ethno-centric programming .  and not very good at that  ( tv1 is better )  .  for there to be a 'white' channel
why would intelligence not evolve in animals that do not have complex social behavior patterns ? 
there is another forum for this discussion .  but
If it behaves in such a way as to maximise profit
so why did toe ignore horizontal gene transfer for so many decades ?  can you tell me how it is that gene transferred horizontally  ( without going through selection )  validates darwinism
A homophobe according to Websters Dictionary is one who has an intense dislike or fear of homosexuals .  If someone is opposed to gay marriage and does not dislike gays or fear them
You do exactly the same thing
so you're lambasting me for doing something i have the right to do because i'm not obligated to do it ?  i have the right to post here on 4forums
It is a nanny state where wealth is redistributed on a whim
bryan makes a good point though .  bloomberg is basically trying to suggest that if we got tough on gun laws here in virginia that the crime rate in new york city would go down .  this is pretty doubtful .  you never really see someone go 'man
how many of them also had added citric acid in large quantities ? 
your bible of today is as truthful as the religions of the past .  it isn't the same as the nest day . 
i have actually read quite a few wsj articles on the internet .  they are seldom high quality
i'm not particularly shocked
my title pretty much sums it up .  creationists lose
try living in the mental health system .  crime is distinctly non gender specific . 
as explained the last time we crossed paths matthew
according to bible:- god usually slaughtered to people because of this  ( 1 )  pray another god  ( 2 )  playing sex  ( 3 )  greedy and  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . any more  ?  why god didn't wait and had to kill people in urgent on earth if there's really heaven and hell to sentence people after death  ?  ?   emoticonxconfusedemoticonxconfusedemoticonxconfused
no no no .  .  the concept that these three references were all 'god' came later .  it isn't implicit in the bible unless you assume it is in the bible . 
the bush administration is planning on announcing the establishment of a u . s .  presence in iran .  a full embassy is not expected
for the sake of discussion let's say it is the same one all the signers of the declaration of independence agreed it was . 
i am offering any of you creationists
asian currencies all went up 2% after the yuan revaluation .  this leads to the situation where the asian countries don't need to buy dollars as much anymore to keep their respective currencies low and might even lead to them not buying dollars anymore or even dumping them in the near future .  how very true indeed . 
well then you're out of luck .  people aren't going to stop standing up for what they believe in
for the teleporter
there has been .  there's been a lot of grumbling in congress and among the people more to the right of the scale .   by saying he still had support i assumed you meant you thought it was somehow shifting to the democrats .  .  .  my mistaken assumption . 
wait ?  why again do we need this law ?  didn't the anti-gunners say the mexican violence is why we need more gun control ?  what goal posts have been moved ?  that was a b . s .  cheap shot !  like always sinjin
why do you feel that childern concieved through rape have a lesser right to life then childern concieved through consenual sex ?  if you consider abortion to be murder
do you define weight as numerical or some kind of rating system on who is the most important church father .  what part of darwinian evolution does the church not agree with ?  that link also had the following quote .  should modern science be able to prove without the shadow of a doubt that man evolved from amoeba
space is really
how could they be 'accurate' and be wrong ?  there is nothing 'less accurate' about that
i suspect that those statistics are harder to find and harder to determine  ( since
sure
The issue was settled at the Federal level .  It's called the Defense of Marriage Act .  It is Federal Law . 
quote: i think some people may have forgot that the supreme ayatollah in iran issued a fatwa against the production of nuclear weapons .  right .  and hitler told chamberlain and russia not to worry either .  and north korea said they weren't developing nukes either
umm no we feel these things because were indoctrinated by your pastors
however
i watched a program on einstein and his theory of relativity yesterday on the history channel .  good stuff .  i'm a little interested in what he was working on when he croaked - the unification theory .  that will develop more in time and then i'll pay more attention to it .  i think god is the great physicist
you are absolutely right !  wars are inventions of capitalist dogs .  oh for the days before capitalism when the world was eden .  you have a penchant to create strawman; never said we should wage constant wars what about one every decade or so ?  that way we get to rebuild and improve .  ; ) 
this argument is not believable from you max .  your stance does not change for rape
not one single thing you posted here indicates that registration would be unconstitutional . 
the person doing the maligning is not the same person as the one speaking the line
because it's right wing propaganda
Yeah if we could get a good portion of the pro-life people on our side we might stand a pretty good chance of significantly decreasing the amount of abortions . 
if you want to have a real debate email me at kut77less@hotmail . com .  thats if your up for the challenge .  i want to switch to email because i dot like this forum and it is confusing for me to work
I disagree .  Well maybe technically .  Let's look at it this way .  Criminals' access to guns may even go slightly up
always a case that slips through the cracks .  .  .  well how about we focus on the genuine problem instead of making something else into a problem .  instead of playing the game 'what new law can we pass now' let's do something to focus on the one million dangerous gang members we've got running around free .  they've been linked to 80% of the crimes committed in the country
whether the anglican church is apostolic or not is a matter of opinion .  the roman church started as an imperial church .  its claim to apostolic succession is dubious as well
You'll have to specify which argument .  My response was to your question Can religious views be logical ? 
how is it not
A chance mutation can do this by insertion .  The codons for one protein are inserted or appended to the codons of of another .  This is especially likely if the genes are near eachother .  Another means by which this can occur is in the folding of the proteins .  Two proteins can fold such that they interact because of their shape .  If the proteins interlock or attach
hm .  to me that sounds frighteningly similar to something that could be heard several decades ago: 'our schools should only teach white children .  we don't hate gays or anything
just as well
no matter what science is out there
i just wonder why the polls showed such support for bush at first
duh !  !  !  i'm surrounded by secular humanists and pseudo intellectual atheists who think evolution explains our origins .  these are people who believe it and worship evolution like their religion as long as they don't have to believe in a personal god .  emoticonxdonno so yeah
i think we should go to war with iraq .  we know they have weopons of mass destruction .  he has 16-17 weapons of mass destruction
this is the root of the problem with the entire insurance based medical system .  it is affordable and obtainable for those who do not actually need it
no
the moral of that last story is: don't screw with baldy .  that aside
Mr .  Jack
So what else is new ?  Does Texas support the death penalty ? 
saw a great article today by michael bloomberg  ( yes
the legalization of same-sex marriages  ( or marriage-like civil unions or domestic partnerships )  would severely damage the public institution of marriage .  it would send a false message that same-sex unions are equivalent to marriage
you should have added who you would vote for if you could vote .  .  .  .  if i stick a point for bush in it taints the results !  anyway
i'm talking about god in general
it may help to look at election in this way  ( wow
im sorry .  'PARTNER ?  ?  ?  since when did we start calling the person we are going to marry partners .  oh wait i guess it was when we decided to let the sick perversion start !  my bad ! 
Even semiautomatic assault weapons can be fired with extraordinary speed .  When San Jose
in re: the jefferson claim .  .  .  it's true that he proposed castration for 'buggery . ' but .  .  .  considering that colonial scientists were as ignorant of sexual orientation as the ancient israelites
i have no issue with speed cameras
not the same thing at all .  no
bs .  i'm not trying to extend any agenda on the government .  i don't want to make this country into a theocracy .  where do you get that from ? 
as long as ma'am has consented as an equal partner to the wham-bam and is pleased with the outcome
call it what you like .  it's a way to buy a gun when you're not allowed to .  i don't expect them to fill duties .  i expect them to go to someone who can make sure the transaction isn't illegal one way or the other .  that's rich .  you know a felon when you see one or speak for a minutes to one ? 
governmental funding is not available  ( to my knowledge )  without some  ( if not total )  government control of the program .  if there's any sure way to install inefficiency in a program
ha .  .  . what is the point of posting data if you are just going to conclude there isn't enough data ?  the data speaks for itself .  in america
is ?  I don't recall abortion being illegal in china .  .  . in fact they have the most .  China is a good example of what pro-choice thinkind leads too .  I asked you to provide evidence that countries with abortion being illegal will have babies thrown in streets
lumped in with everyone else in these 'exchanges' .  in any event
This pretty much sums up people like Penfold .  This difinitivly shows that he believes your right to own firearms should be taken away .  Thank heaven our founding fathers sought to protect us from the likes of him and enumerated our right to keep and bear arms .  Happy New Year
Maybe
actually
it apparently is one person .  it could be an atheist .  i suspect it is an ex-baptist .  .  but it also could be another religious minority whose religion was targeted .  i think ex-baptist is most likely . 
and again
the us and turkey struck a deal saying that the us could use turkey airstrips as a staging point if turkey could move into the northern section of iraq .  the same northern section which is 80% kurds .  the us has essentially handed over thousands of kurdish lives to turkish slaughter .  i thought we were 'the shining beacon of life' ? 
It's really not that complicated
when the party of opposition promotes lies and fearmongering
mastershake
Also
That interpretation is fine except that God says
ok
Put a fork in it .  Socialized medicine is DOA .     The possible scenarios that could get the healthcare bill made into law are both suicidal moves that will cause the Democrats to become Washington outsiders in quick order .  They are:  1 .  Get the HR to pass 
You do have a good point .  However
i did say that if birth control failed  ( condoms do sometimes too
penfold
i said a few posts up that i don't think that people are actually offended .  it's strictly a seperation of church and state issue .  incorrect .  check out my post above from 7-19 to see the legal issues .  in particular
pledging loyality doesn't mean you are a slave
How can you possibly equate prostitution to gay marriage ?  And would society break down if some individuals are allowed to enter into a legally protecting penumbra institution we call marriage ?  Probably not . 
As do you .  You seriously want to dictate to others that your opinions are the truth .  I'm sure you find a lot of things amusing
If only she'd been allowed to have a gun she could have what ?    Shot or threatened to shoot someone ?      Boys and girls as young as 10
only if the question is from whence did you get your prejudices ? 
which is why it should be done on a case-by-case basis .  sometimes there can be an age gap of 5 years and it could still be consensual
personally i don't give rats rear end about your god - neither he
what did the founding fathers intend with the second amendment ?   http://www . youdebate . com/debates/secondamendment . htm
Sorry
What we are left with are gods that have considerably little interaction with the world that we know . 
They don't want state oversight
