First off
watch it .  Now you're using my lines .  Poet has always been an easy target
Because it will encourage teens to engage in riskier behavior .  Abstinence until marriage is still the best way . 
Obviously you missed the point .  So sorry the the irony was beyond you . 
This is pure paranoia .  What evidence do you have to support you're point of view ?  Why don't you actually do a little research yourself .  Handgun Control Inc was founded by two victims of gun-violence .  Sarah Brady joined Handgun Control Inc after her husband received brain damage from a bullet .  Senator Ted Kennedy also supports gun-control because some of his family members were killed with guns .  Many people who support gun control have experienced the horrors of gun violence firsthand and are just trying to make our nation a safer place .  It's not because they are power hungry . 
And I would appreiciate your refraining from calling the Bible mythology . 
Jake
That wasn't meant as an insult tq
And what exactly is a God-fearing athiest anyway ? 
You mean what you got was an eye opening shocker into the world of leftist propaganda
marriage has other important functions ?  like what ?  i'm not going by what anyone has told me
The statement was made based upon historical evidence .  Practices such as loyalty oaths and fire safety ordinances were common place in colonial times and could be regarded as restrictions on the bearing of arms for effective self defense .  The supreme court never determined that these were unacceptable restrictions or infringements . 
Do you believe in evolution ?  I mean i understand if you do but I would like to make some points about it .  .  .  .  . there are also some points procing creation . 
You haven't provided any evidence the Bible is a fairy tale .  But I do think you like the sound of those last two words in the previous sentence . It's God or the government  ( Romans 13 )  in the NT who dispense capital punishment .  If you weren't so consumed with your illicit gay sex escapades to read the NT you would have known that . Keep screwing around and God himself just might take you and/or your buddy Jazy off the earth like he did with Annanias Sapphira in the Book of Acts . 
whatever 'rubber' was being exported probably ceased to be exported because of ravages of war during and after . Did you see any spike in the price of tyres
The propaganda ministers must be working overtime to hit as many forums as possible .  emoticonXRolleyes
Like you say
What are women's rights ?  They special too ?  Now think women's rights but pretend you really don't like women
Joe lets face it
lol .  .  Considering where the Dow was before Obama came into Office I think a little 270 point drop isn't going to effect anything . 
The problem with this is that usually when someone exercises their right it many times infringes on someones elses rights . 
In typical fashion
What are you referring to here ? 
It's amazing that someone would list making medical decisions for a loved one who is unable to as a benefit . 
Besides
My bad
Exactly .  I'd like to know that myself .  Since when has God promoted discrimination ? 
In his early life
That is why most pro-choicers support a time limit to abortions .  But pro-lifers are I are even opposed to anti-conceptives .  They are just religious fundamentalists . 
I guess this is why Texas is knee-deep in turds .  emoticonXAgree
Since evolution can't prove the book of Genesis  ( ancient history )  false
Still dumb to compare the two .  Both are no good .  Theft is better then murder .  .  . however a theif bragging because he didn't murder is a fool .  . Chris Rock actually did a funny skit on this . 
Will the gay pride movement again try to make a bug issue of out of a beauty pageant's view of gay rights ?  We'll see ! 
What a load of C . R . A . P .  .  .  This post is IMO borderline trolling .  .  . 
Matthew Levi was a Jew
Any evidence to support this or is it just a neat excuse not to take any action ? 
It doen't matter what trimester it is in .  The shear fact that you are arguing over something as irrelevant as the trimester of the pregnancy means that you already understand that a decision to have an abortion is an intent to take a life .  By arguing if the baby is considered living
thanks to whites' attempt to assimilate africa
is this what politics and leading a country comes down to ?  could a picture of kerry in a bunny suit  ( even if it was a real bunny suit )  really sway voters ?  or is this just to amuse already-established bush supporters ? 
The liberal left is not mainstream
Indeed where would one find better information .  Certainly not from biblical accounts emoticonXDonno But I am not about to turn this thread into an platform for where you are trying to go . 
Yo shush yo mouth ! Doncha knows that tha bible is fo believahs ! Yas gotta believah furst ! That's right
Yeah
Second
In effect you are asking To those of you who don't believe in Adam and Eve - what does Adam and Eve mean ?  which is
As far as the abortion issue goes there is no God that supports the murder of the innocent unborn in the womb .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
George W .  Bush is very anti-choice and pro-death penalty .  He loves to pull the executioner's switch .  See next post of Bush's mockery of Karla Faye Tucker . 
If I may chime in
What's the difference between humans and chimps ? 
You want Jesus ?  Then read John 3:36 because it applies to people like you who deny Christ . 
The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments
We haven't been talking about marketing techniques at all .  .  . just whether prayer ever works or not . 
I do .  Buying into banks with tax dollars bolsters cash flow without printing new money .  UK just bought 60 plus billion dollars worth of stock in three UK banks .  We need to do the same .  .  . without assuming control of the banks . But why should I worry ?  Our saviour Obama will solve all of our problems when he spreads the wealth around . 
I know what happens when you have no argument .  Besides
Have you read my signature lately ?  By asking God for forgiveness of your sins
Hey
Oh
It's not just in case of an emergency .  It's for everyday life .  When I have to learn Spanish just to order a burger at the local Micky Dee's
Yeah
You really have a rather macabre streak in you
The idea of abortion as population control is absurd
true
So stupendously unlikely is the perfect mutation at the perfect time that calculating the odds against it taking place even once exceeds our imaginative capacity .  It is
Said like a cruel evil person who has no concern for his fellow man . 
Go for it .  But as long as that Bible exists it will always be a sin .  God is not fooled . 
The historical Gospels bust your sorry butt all day long .  LOL !  ! 
Well then
Do you think he's wrong when he stated that Darwin never used the term Survival of the Fittest ? 
This is enough for me to realize that you do not understand what you are talking about . 
Whether it is man made or natural or both factors work together; I think it is the beginning of serious changes in the atmosphere . 
Maybe they dont' rejest the bible teachings
According to what ?  Are you saying you should be able to kill a baby 2 inches from being born if you wanted ?  It isn't born yet . 
So we should just completly screw them over
You didn't mind commenting about God  ( 'the Lord's prophets' )  just before I wrote my question above to you
Does a cheese grater count ? Or how about this ?  One guy held up three separate banks with a simple knife . 
and are only trying to earn themselves brownie points in heavan . 
I'd sooner trust Mr .  Injustice Scalia to be impartial .  emoticonXRolleyes But as I say
see for yourselves .  the fact remains that in the caribbean
Here's a picture of what erosion can do . nameless person here believes that a fossil eroding from the surface at the base of the cliff is of the same age as one found at the top of the cliff .  After all
AN AK-47 assault rifle
My father never lied and if he were still alive
yeah
Highly unlikely .  is well known for extremist views .  She will not garner the support of the necessary moderates . 
I recommend leaving a night light on and sleeping with one eye open .  That boogeyman is MEAN .  You hf .  emoticonXHoho Waxy
I suppose we will just have to agree to disagree .  IMHO
It's a sin
A federal judge has blocked the implementation of a new Arizona law that would strip same-sex domestic partners who are state employees of family health care benefits .  The judge ruled that the new law violates the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment to the U . S .  constitution .  Check out the story in the Arizona Republic: Judge blocks Arizona law on domestic-partner benefits
Once again cookie
Ftpaaaagh !  Clive !  'Twas the other way around .  For 'twas us Vikings who gave you Brits all your culture .  I am sharpening my double-headed axe as I post this .  emoticonXMad
John 7:24Judge not according to the appearance
it's the other way around:
i have no facts but would speculate it was more about punishing those who chose not to marry ( rogues )  than the other way around .  ever notice how wives often have a problem with their husband's single guy friends ? 
You have just proven my point MWLA
the question was about whales .  pay attention will you ?  you're right; i didn't type anything in at all .  i just asked huntard to prove his claim .  but in response to your propaganda piece
There is nothing inherently irrational about the theory of evolution being used to explain life in the physical universe
I haven't an once of hate for you or any other fellow American .  You are welcome in my America .  Too bad you presume to tell me I'm not welcome in yours
Not at all
The Creation Museum
I see you ARE shooting yourself in the foot .  Ok .  Your progatative . 
The conservatives would argue that by offering same sex marriage that their persute of happiness is denied by gay people even existing and that they have to look at us . 
It has to do with freedom and equality but then again I do not expect non empathic people to understand that .  Looking at you answers below I would have though you would understand the concept that I get to choose who I share my life with
Can you guarantee that what appears to be a simple mugging will come to an immediate halt once the mugger is complied with
Apparently you've got one powerful set of rose colored glassed .  I guess you spend a lot of money on those 1-900 psychics too .  : ( Nowhere is it scientifically inaccurate ?  Are you serious ? Waxy
Yup
I wouldn't want to make my daughter do anything in this scenario .  I'd be careful to explain all her options as free from bias as possible
Anyone not currently in prison . 
Libertarians are social liberals and economic conservatives .  They want decreased regulations on society  ( legalize drugs
“Not that hard to figure out dude .  .  . What is your proof ? ”
**Sounds more to me like a bunch of right-wing
The Bible can be used as a science book
Actually
And an eternity in hell for unrepentant
If you pay attention to the papers or news you will have a heavy air of stupidity around you .  The 9-9-9 plan is good
MRSA has been around a long time
why did hitler pursue the master race of white protestant .  .  . 
He probably doesn't make a distinction in that .  He will count drinking and gun owning as doing both at the same time
Just when you are ready to come get my guns .  .  .  .  .  .  remember ! 
poor boo-boo .  .  . You want to talk pain ? I wish the pro-infanticide zealots could experience being dismembered and having their skulls collapsed and their brains sucked out so they'll know what an innocent baby feels when it's being aborted . 
No .  .  .  . that is incorrect .  Divorce has been around for centuries and was used in biblical times when a woman or man cheated on their spouse .  Same sex marriage has never received any good stamp of approval in civilized societies . 
This point is just mocking the other poster for flaws in logic . 
Wooh ! A bunch of shot up bodies are drivel . Nice
No
due to the unexpected levels of cooling caused by aerosol sprays
apparently
You do have the right to marry someone you love if you are gay or lesbian in Massachusetts
You are speaking in some sort of code . Is it a racist code ? 
My friend
Of course men can
You'd have to show me their announcements of bias and conspiratorial intent
What conceivable connection could that sentence have with what went before --- except
We need some people who can debate fairly without insults or hyperbole on this forum . Unfortunately it doesnt seem that you are one of them
That's where you and I differ .  See I view human sexuality as being the exclusive province of the monogamous heterosexual marriage bond . 
Humans attempt to create new species
so then what did Greece and Rome contribute except what not to do ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  Jefferson used all of human history as an example of what not to do .  So far so good !  !  The planet is united except for liberalism . then who
So let me understand .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . hypothetically
Yes .  .  .  nice guessing .  Could you elaborate a bit more
but there aren't any !  All you can show me are 4 links .  Where are the other millions ? 
It's not up to you to  Save anyone .  .  As far as I'm concerned you can keep your imaginary salvation .  .  .  I have enough wisdom to realize it's all just a fairy tale . 
In a healthy economy
You seem to be ignoring a whole bunch of passages that reduce that . And
Despite your bull in a china shop rampage through the fields of bioogy
That would have been alot differant then having intercourse
my State is going to heII in a handbasket since these lefties took over .  emoticonXBanghead
It wasn't necessary for President Obama to be in the military when he was coming up but he sure wouldn't have crapped out like George W .  Bush and sent someone else to die in his place in Vietnam . 
Oh please .  .  .  If you must here is an in depth look at prop 8 and black voters .  .  . 
Apparently Germany
You're taking that stance again ?  Arrest people for whatever excuse is convenient and simply let the courts sort out the details at a later date
You will be right there in the pit to greet them
Yes
I didn't misunderstand you at all .  Like I said
We didn't choose defeat we choose to give up .  Choosing defeat would be surrender . 
That spiritually-challenged
Here in CA they have chemo and radiation treatment available for pets suffering with cancer . 
The Governor is concerned why one hour passed between the husband's discovery of the collapse and the 911 call .  He's just tieing up loose ends .  The inquisitive public deserves to know . 
You throw these insults around like you know what your saying .  You are really one of the the most self-deluted zealots I've run across .  Keep up the good christer work ArchEvil !  You're doing a smash-up job convertin' us heathn's .  emoticonXAgree
nothing new can be created by making copies
Are you saying the government SHOULDN'T have known about a Category 4 hurricane hitting New Orleans and then breaking the levees after the hurricane passed causing the city to flood and trap people in the Super Dome with people still in the city ?  haha
It doesn't have to be that way because it's the death penalty .  It's that way because of our ever deteriorating legal system . 
I thought I got to the substance of your argument quite well
Evolution is supposed to be science
But the creationists continue to attempt to impose their religion on others as science by the latest Intelligent Design movement .  The ID movement is nothing more than creationism that attempts to avoid a mention of God .  Once ID theory  ( which isn't theory since it is not based on evidence and testing )  is allowed into the schools
Oh good grief ! I have always lived in rough areas .  In one city
Max has outed himself as a hillbilly who cannot spell or incorporate correct punctuation . 
I don't hate the man personally
There are
So
I find it amusing that Xcaliber has become the very person he accuses EZ to be . Whats next from him  .  . flush or busted ?  lol
No .  .  . this kills a kid .  .  .  . I don't see why anything would trump the right to live . 
Yawn
__________________________________________________ _______________THE FOLLOWING ANALOGY IS PURELY HYPOTHETICAL
Of the court cases that have been decided over 92% have resulted in convictions .  Statistically
volcanoes do more to contribute to global warming than an unchecked industrial society .  toxic gases
Thank you for your apology .  There you were implying I had no right to talk about America
But in all reality .  .  a baby is no more different at 2 months old than an embryo .  .  . 
Here is how your three steps should look . 1 .  If a cruel action is causally linked to someone's inevitable death
emoticonXFrazzled So  .  .  .  .  you actually think the collapse of the Minnesota bridge is because of gay marriage ?  ?  ?  Unbelievable .  emoticonXDonno
no
I am not JUST superior because I see the world with an odious light .  I'm also superior because I have a rediculous intellect
Do you have a fire extinguisher in your house ?  I have never had a fire in my kitchen but I still keep a fire extinguisher in there .  I look at wearing firearms for self defense the same way I look at wearing a seat belt .  I wear it and pray I'll never need it
so stalin didn't actually practice communism  ( not that anyone has ) 
Under a different circumstance than what you are talking about as in the 2A . 
Besides
If you can physically transfer your property to your son before you die
Sure I can !  The bible has lasted thousands of years under the constant and unending scrutiny of being judged by archeology and every historical discovery in the middle east throughout that time .  Never has it been shown to be fictional or false in any way so it has most assuredly stood the test of time yet your ilk continues to deny it can be the truth it has been shown to be with every new discovery . 
Give that man another cheeseburger !   ( Maybe he'll choke on it this time .  ) :p
if it is true that having a membership of over 2000 members means that you 'really have no idea who is walking through your doors
Alas
Shot any passenger pigeons lately ?  emoticonXRolleyes
Hello everyone
You can ignore the statement by D . J . Futuyma and identical ones made by Gould
Do you believe that the 30% of our healthcare cost that are going to the weather early warning system are well spent ? 
And what did Noah do about the termites ? 
Fire those worthless firefighters ! Get rid of those useless police officers . We don't need them in Colorado Springs CuzGOD WILL PROTECT US ! 
I didn't feel that I needed to spell it out in excruciating detail for you . 
Your boy shot a four-year old .  THAT's killing children . 
Thanks Voice .  It's good to see that there is a voice of reason here . 
why did god in all of his power and might need to say ok youre going to evolve slowly over millions of years into something else when all he did was simply speak and it was done ? 
I'm pretty sure this guy was removed from his position after the broadcast by the palesitinian authority .  He's no different from the Southern Baptist types who suggest nuking the middle east . 
Then go away .  If you have no interest
Lurch:So scientists are the ones who define everything ? 
This is why I do not advocate the American Holocaust that has destroyed nearly fifty million unborn children on the altar of choice !  Shadow's reasoning that I'll have a baby when I'm ready smacks of pure
Guilty of the rapes I'm not disputing  ( don't know anything about those cases ) 
it ought but it won't
Yes
A good gun to an anti gunner is a single shot firearm that is inaccurate and shoots nerf bullets . 
I'll get to spend eternity with my buddy satan
What was it they said about statistics ? Oh yes
Very interesting
Your ad hominem attacks preclude me from engaging you in a worthwhile debate on the issues .  You are nothing but a troll and so I will not be bothered with you any longer .  I will print your responses to me for the day when I need extra toilet paper material . Ad hominem - Wikipedia
That is why most pro-choicers support a time limit to abortions .  But pro-lifers are I are even opposed to anti-conceptives .  They are just religious fundamentalists . 
That is your right .  But it does not make the Bang true . 
If anyone thinks liberals are overly intelligent compared to conservatives just look at California and New York
Professor Heribert Nilsson
Sinjin:I believe that here you are using a feminazi point of view:
 . And of course the US will have more Nobel prizes; as one of the more populous developed countries there will naturally be a larger pool of humanity from which to pull . 
Examples of potential domestic terrorists included: veterans
When Rep .  Carson gathered reporters around him to spread the myth of racial slurs being hurled “fifteen times” he painted the protesters not just as racists
Tell me Dzeron
And LIVING ones even more .  .  .  ok Adolph . 
I neither said that nor implied anything of the kind .  I'll be gentle with you and assume that you simply misinterpreted my statement . 
Insanity is the belief that laws are pointless since someone always breaks them . 
You mean Intelligent Design
Fundies talking about double standard is a real laugh and a half !  !  !  !  These are the ones who preach do as I say
Okay
Good way to prove exactly what I am talking about christianists and these dominionists in particular want to oppress gay people . 
Biology shouldn't simply deal with the facts about different animals
In England we dont have guns but we still hit each other with bottles
Wow
lmao !  did you read my last sentence
Yet the very seat of Catholicism glorifies one of the absolute WORST offendersExplain . 
Congress folded it into FEMA .  And Brown performed well during FIVE hurricaines in FL .  Perhaps his problem was not being able to deal with LA a-holes ? 
EVOLUTION A FACT ?  Why are we told that Darwin's theory of evolution is a scientific fact -- even though many of its claims are based on misrepresentations of the facts ? 
That is the standard textbook answer
  Firearms
Hey ez
Since they are issued by the military I would think so .  
ROFL .  They all believe in a god but hope there isn't ? 
Go whistle in the park .  We are the ones who keep voting down the decadence of gay marriage .  Deal with it . 
I think the crazy came first and the zealootry is just a symptom .  I see OCD and mania is zealotry .  Obssessiveness is not healthy - regardless of what your obsessing over .  Also
The book Icons of Evolution details the original experiment and the resultant controversy over the fraudulant findings . 
SS and Medicare  ( which funds Medicaid )  are off-budget items and funded trusts .  SS administration is budget item
If you want to continue foisting this lie I'll keep exposing it . 
And it's so bleedin' unnecessary
Then they do things like lobby Congress to reduce the budget of the ATF according to Bob Ricker
Requiring a background check for handgun sales byprivate sellers and licensed gun dealers helps reduceillegal gun trafficking within a state . Pick the percentage . 
With an election looming
Originally Posted by Wez  What is the missing link EZ ?  What evidence are you looking for that it exists ? Hey – You guys say man evolved .  Who did he evolve from or how did he supposedly evolve ?  Just “poof
Promoting renewables is a good thing
I'm OK with the above .  I think all Americans should be aware of just what a blight socialism is on the rest of the world so that we don't fall into that same lazy mindset .  :p
Playing devils advocate . But statistically you may kill me in the future with your gun .  You have to give up your rights now . Your violating my rights .   ( Although I know you are and I can't name the right nor find the right in the Constitution ) 
Even the sight of guns
i am agnostic not atheist
For the record
Let's personalise it by pointing to the fact that more Israelis die from obesity than from rocket attack .  The IDF should be shelling McDonalds
Posts like this make baby Jesus cry . emoticonXCry
keep it up zardoz
you could probably start by not calling the majority of people anti-moral
you always run and hide behind Bryan like the true coward you are
Let's see if we have this correct . You are a mortal man and yet you dare speak as though you know the will of the Almighty . What was that again abut the sins of pride and arrogance ? 
You originated the question above did you not - so there you go .  Look in the mirror . 
But genetics has nothing to do with it . 
Correct but its California where common sense is dead and bureaucrats rule supreme .  
Then why do Christians insist that there's a heaven ?  What is heaven if not what you've just described ? And for Christians who believe in a paradisaic Earth
Oh MY GOD
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity ? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what abortionist's say is a load of **** !  !  I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion !  I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation !  Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion .  I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills an innocent child . I am pro life ! 
It depends on what you mean by the wild .  If you release a wolf in his natural enviroment and realese a democrat in his natural enviroment
Only those parts of the world that are ignorant and do not bother to do their research .  Those who DO research recognize that even with the changes
abstinence programs and gay rights are two quite separate issues .  no one is trying to enact any law in this country to make it illegal to have sex before marriage .  regardless
And if you think referring to me as Archie is some sort of insult or name to run away from
You can add whatever you'd like .  That doesn't make it actually true . Tell me again about the flood layer Archie . 
I'll respnd sic to these other replies later . 
Everything that happend in the universe happens according to laws . 
 .  .  . And before you go saying what about Obamacare ? 
In reality
Wow !  my fan club has increased to three dedicated followers emoticonXGood
Your notion of proper behavior comes from a book written 2
Right .  .  .  . Anyway
Again
 .  .  .  . First off
Low IQ & Conservative Beliefs Linked to Prejudice | Racism
The second amendment says
Not in your droll mind it hasn't that much is clear king trident .  .  .  Why don't you go hunt some tuna or something .  .  . 
it has been known for a long time -- it's just been surpressed because it contradicts genetic determinism and neo-darwinsm in general . 
Xcaliber thinks you are an imbecile because you believe in God . He must think you are a delusional imbecile because you think you have a one to one with him . At least thats something we agree on emoticonXGood
Science has actually shown that we are very genetically similar to black people
How do we rationally explain these creatures existence so recently in our human history if they were extinct for millions of years ?  And if they were the imaginings of bronze age sheep herders as your atheists/evolutionists would have you believe
So the start of personhood for a particular person is a variable
wouldn't a world without men make many women happy ?  I can think of at least one in this forum . 
Anyone who doesn't like insurance premiums is free not to pay them
ha to be more *fair* and equal we should find a way to implant that cell in the mans **** and if he still decides he doesn't want it then the abortionist shall go into that man **** through his **** and surgically remove it
Well
And I'd think the explanation would be that oxygen content was much different before the flood
Next thing you know
maybe the ammo has gone to your brains and the lead has really affected you gun loonies
well if you think the sun goes around the earth then its time for apocalypse . 
Ad Hominem
Perhaps the answer to the prayer was to go to the doctor and these parents didn't listen . 
The difference
Oh man .  You keep ignoring the HISTORICAL CONTEXT of the issue .  Back in 1967
Conclusion from data and reason
I'm sure all the money for decorations
I CAN EMPIRICALLY PROVE THE EXISTENCE OF THE GOD OF THE BIBLE VIA ITS CENTRAL CLAIMS
Well just damn !  I was just gettin' ready to send you a picture of my truck !  ; ) 
** nonsense .  that may be what you suppose exterrestrial life to be like
The constitution does not allow states to do whatever they want for what they may call the general welfare .  That was the point of the 14th amendment . 
Families that embrace ID/Creationism are increasingly deciding that their children have no place in the classroom .  Something like 58% of homeschoolers are doing it specifically to spare their children science ( evolution )  education owing to their religious convictions .  We're already well behind most other industrialized countries with respect to science and math graduates .  This scares me a bit . emoticonXFrazzled
What the theory of evolution states is that monkeys and apes came from a common ancestor
Biology is centered around the theory of evolution .  Without it
And yet
Reptile develops birdlike bones .  Bones break
Two Vikings on one board ?  Time to beat a hasty retreat before I'm pillaged emoticonXChicken
Do I need to go into detail about what organs necessery to survival are ? 
Because there are good things about every state means .  .  .  . what exactly ?  Of course there is good in bad in most everything
Because it is a bulleted list .  .  .  .  Surely you have Microsoft Word on your computer .  Open it up .  .  .  . go to Format and you will see bullets and numbering as it is a way to do a list . 
5 year olds believe in a lot of things .  Many believe in Santa Claus
The 16th gives them the right to collect the tax
The fear factor you hope is there is no different from that pushed by the left when 'big brother' let it be known that phones were being tapped without warrants . 
Here ya go .  The comment in red is your response . Now
yes i believe in strict government regulation of business .  i see the agenda behind the question . 
God forbid that we should violate the terrorists civil rights !  What a travesty that would be ! emoticonXKill terrorists and those who support them . Just kill 'em ALL ! 
Per your suggestion
Why you quoted me is questionable .  What I posted was merely a series of mathematical equations proving that Hovind is completely full of **** .  How you consider mathematical equations mockery I don't know
So the solutions to gun violence proposed by gun activists in this thread seem to be-1 )  More prison time .  2 )  More guns and have more shootouts between the bad guys and good guys .  Yet
I think you'll find that I never said Mr .  Brown's fear was unjustified
When you learn to think beyond the level of a second grader
Just so we're clear
Science has lead us astray for decades
i can not prove 100% that God exist
But what I really relish above all else is how much stock you skeptics put into defending a non-substantiated Q theory for which there is zero historical evidence while at the same time trashing the historical Gospels for which there is a great deal of evidence ! 
Romans 2:11You
He also forgets that an estimated 20 million native americans were killed by smalpox introduced by europeans
If you don't want to speak out then don't complain that someone is basing their opinion of all evangelicals by phelps's actions . 
*pokes nose in*Innocent until proven guilty ? I don't have much to say about the actual topic
Yes
I suspect the correct religion is the one practiced by all non-humans on the planet . 
Baldwin says his research not only 'confirms that homosexuals molest children at a rate vastly higher than heterosexuals
the idea is correct .  creation cant compete with evolution .  wanna know why ? bcecause creation explains itself so well and has actual dates .  evolution cant even begin to compare with it .  creation is so easy to know . 
Wrong again .  The tooth was never formally described or published .  While the discoverer may have thought it was a human tooth
Some theories are philosophical
but who really needs an assult rifle anyway
There are in fact no transitional fossils known .  Some believe there are because they have been told there are .  An examination of the fossils proves otherwise .  What there are however
ya try again .  .  im 18 and still in high school .  .  wanna try again with that scientist bit ? 
No it's not .  A embryo doesn't have a developed brain or in the early stages a brain at all .  Therefore its mental existance is the same as a plant . A fetus is not a embryo .  Learn your terms . 
Now that's what I'm talking about .  emoticonXHoho emoticonXGood 
So the main disagreements between fundamentalists and theistic evolutionists are what are
Really ?  ?  ?  Maybe you should do a little research before you make sweeping statements like that .  -- http://www . rainbowbaptists . org/
sure so if it was 2 . 5 billion or trillion .  .   (  different scientists )  where di we come from ?  like ya ya ya the big bang .  .  but where did the pool of amoebas come from ?  and where did the charge of electricity (  lightning bolt )  come from ?  it just is a whole bunch of ideas coming from some fat guys with no women in their life .  .  . 
Is it a passionate belief of yours not to use capital letters . I think that was the point of the question . 
Um
Jessica
A bear is still a bear .  Sure
Archie
300 years ago  .   .   .  well let's see--lower teen pregnancy rates out of marriage
I don't think any man should ever be legally required to pay child support .  If a man chooses not to be a part of his childs life
OUCH !  Err .  .  .  what the - OOF !  OW !  Aw come on .  .  .  ARRGH !  DOWN BOY ! Hi
Sorry
He is a teenager he will learn .  Teenagers are often very opinionated about subects they know little about .  Look at his avatar it is from the recient move fantastic 4 that should give you some clue to his maturity level .  Also look at his profile it gives his birthdate July 31
you mean like sodom and gomorrah ?  Did you forget that ? In a similar way
A women by the name of Mary Anne Warren said this
YYou did get one thing right .  There is a huge ride in the future for the American people .  .  . as in we are going to be taken for a ride . 
Is there anyone who doesn't think species come from earlier species ? 
I was requested to start a new thread in which pro-gay and anti-gay marriage positions could be debated without posters being called homophobes
It would seem to me that you are easily repulsed by anyone who's views differ from yours .  emoticonXRolleyes
walking away .  .  .  proves nothing .  .  .  I cant prove he lived .  .  and you cant prove he didnt . I however could pull out this 2000 year old book
It's an entirely different type of relationship though .  That's not arguing against gays--it's stating the obvious .  Doesn't mean one is any superior or inferior to the other .  Doesn't mean one is worth more or less .  It's just different .  ( And by the way
Unreal .  So
I didn't have to CHOOSE to be heterosexual .  It's the natural inclination
The law applies equally to everyone .  Religious people cannot discriminate outside of a church
Because the Constitution does not require them to :P It has been long established that States have authority over marriage definitions . 
it has 'splintered' in the fact there are more than one way to interpret things .  .  and how strictly one follows the rituals .   on the other hand
Well it's your right to think what you want
Because the constitution doesn't exclude us from marriage .  People like you do .  And
and ny and nj are any better ?  and 'cheating on his wife mark sanford' has to do what with electing big blabbermouths with nothing to say and absolutely nothing in the brainbox ?  sorry baby you're caught . 
This is exactly what I mean .  Show me exactly where I disagreed with your stats .  Quote my post .  Post the mother####er .  I never said your stats were wrong .  Let me say that again:I never said your stats were wrong . 
Arnie is no conservative at all .  And Nuttyfornia's legislature is Democrat .  And New York's assembly has been run by Democrats since at least the 1950s . 
I have no idea what mechanism/explanation you favour wrt biological evolution
Public healthcare tends to have problems when right wingers refuse to actually tax the wealthy the amount required to fund it .  You get what you pay for in this regard .  Increased public spending in the UK has started to provide significant increases in service
Is this the same Kent Hovind found guilty of tax evasion ?  I dunno where Christians get their morals from
society which accepts the idea that the origin of the cosmos could be explained in terms of an explosion
Go tell it to your pet carp .  He might believe you . 
So
And what did Noah do about the termites ? 
You seem to think that child services only did this investigation this week .  This was an investigation conducted in Feb
Wrong again .  NAMBLA is also int the mix concerning homosexual marriage .  now
Ah
I am a giant sleeping alien that is having strange dream .  Earth does not exist at all
emoticonXRolleyesNo .  I am not saying that . Like I have been saying from the beginning
I would be willing to debate anyone on the topic of whether homosexuals should be allowed to marry .  I will take the position that they should not . 
And he accomplished all this human carnage without a gun .  This just proves that if it was possible to eliminate all projectile firing weapons from existing on earth
so peddler
Why would everybody participate in such a conspiracy ? Reputations among scientists are made based on the accuracy of their data and the implications of their discoveries .  Why has no one successfully built their career on the sound disproval of ToE ? 
Very interesting Matt .  A little confused are you ?  What on earth makes you think that a gay men could succeed in seducing a straight man
Is McCain going to throw in the towel on Pennsylvania like he did in Michigan .  New voter registration figures in Pennsylvania show that Democratic registration grew while Republican registration shrank .  How does McCain expect to win with a million plus Republican voter deficit ?  Source: Truly Newsworthy . McCain will have to redirect his resources to North Carolina and Virginia if he wants any shot at winning . 
Ok .  you dont have a clue where your morals come from  .  . is that comprehensible ? You are not clear what the sixth commandment means .  . is that also comprehensible ? 
And yet you spiritually challenged turkeys still can't provide proof that there is no resurrected Krishna . 
Quote from the Great Ronald ReaganAbortion Is Advocated Only By Persons Who Have Themselves Been Born
ythe medical establishment has convinced people that we are what we are because what our genes say we are
I just realized it's a waste of time sharing my opinion with you self important XXXXXX who think you have such a grasp on science that you dazzle yourselves into a frenzy . 
Here in Australia
show me the pro-choice group from 1850 please . 
Being a proud owner of a Prius
Would you please repost this infamous video rather than just constantly referring to it as an example the dishonesty of MY student zealots ? 
It´s funny
I would venture that the acquisition of property is still a component of the pursuit of happiness but since the supply of wannabe property owners has outpaced the supply of property
Front dewclaws
Gun Free School Zones ActThere's nothing reasonable about this law
i guess what the christian right would ask is 'is this truly a civil rights movement
The logic of Dawkins ?  Do you think a blind man can make a watch ? If you think he can I am not surprized that you think Mr .  Dawkins has superb logic .  Do not learn from him if you want to retain your sanity . 
And think of what other animals have built  ( and for an actual purpose )  .  Take a look at a bee hive .  It's so complex and so perfect for them .  They built that .  An ant hill is at least 20 times the size of an ant .  That's 120 feet for us  ( for a 6 foot person )  . 
Ask yourselves this: If you found out Easyrider
Using your logic you may indicate that we should eliminate cars
bmittking: Separation of church and state is a bunch of bull . 
Its pretty clear that the attributes of God were made up along the way over the course of history
All these posts proving Archie wrong
planned parenthood can't wait to get 13 year old girls on the table to abort their babies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
While your learned reasoned response is the not .  Give me a break troll .  The only misdeed is your pathetic attempt to defend the undefendable . 
I will not name them .  I could but I am not going to .  Just say that several of my employees are having problems and they are paid well over min .  wage .  FYI I am in middle management .  I have no controll over wages or company policy before you start in on me . 
The term GAY was adopted by the homosexual movement in the hope of evoking a happy existence and persona to the general public that rightfully saw your community for the pathetic self centered existence that it still represents .  You may have bought into that image lesz
I would Like you all to know
People make definitions .  They then make statements that make sense according to those defintions .  You interept their statements terms of your own defintions .  Maybe your definition are in a sense better but many people adopt the position that when someone defines things you interept them using their defintions AND THEIR DEFINTIONS ALONE .  You do not seem to think this should be done .  This is the main reason why people treat you the way they do .  It actually has little to do with them practicing objectivism or scientism . 
I'd rather be correct and doing the right thing to make the world safer .  emoticonXCensored
Is there any undisputable evidence of one species evolving into another ? 
no guns
and whereas our fellow poster Easyrider 'knows' that the bible condemns sexually active gays
The people didn't vote
You stiff-necked people with uncircumcised hearts and minds .  You're just like your fathers - you always deny the Holy Spirit .  - Acts 7:51Now repent
You don't see me getting on here and saying and you call yourself an atheist ?  do you ? 
self defense for dummies- shoot a police officer concealed carry cop killers . mov - youtube
Either I'm a schizo or you are crazy Penfold
Can you imagine the cost for every abortion clinic if they owned their own medical waste incinerator ?  Here's EPA info about the required policies for Medical waste Disposal; and here's why there are services like this one which take care of that for them .  Some large hospitals have incinerators due to the large amount of waste they produce
There is no chance of winning .  You're in the middle of a friggin' civil war . 
Run brady run .  See brady run ? brady
It would also make what appears to be immediate jumps in the fossil record -- which fits in nicely with what's been reported .  It's also a natural
In the same way that the Republicans are the closest thing the US has to the Nazis .  .  . 
Oh good Lord !  ! emoticonXDonno emoticonXBanghead emoticonXBanghead I was going to stop posting at that last post
If God wanted to
OK
Actually
No
See what I mean people ?  A true and consistent hate monger as he ignores every word of advice and lashes out with hate and bitterness .  If you take his ability to insult us away he would have nothing at all to contribute here .  emoticonXRolleyes
Because the RCC has held for centuries that their version of THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH trumps scientific fact . 
A taste of what could be our future if the left has its way . 
As I've been arguing
emoticonXHohoTrebor is certainly a hypocrite .  He says he's against bigotry but he's definitely bigoted against Christians
I got the number from the Documental Centre for Human Rights in Iraq
When you drop down into the Pit it won't be me who was as daffy as an Obama fruitcake
JMHO
You mean just like the continually debunked lie of 95% of all weapons found in Mexico came from America ?  The lie that not even the ATF will stand behind ?  The lie that was purported based on successful traces of the minute number of weapons Mexico turned over to be traced and identified
Evolutionists may talk of actual selection as if it had a mind of its own and does the work of evolution on purpose
No problem S&p
Your logic is remarkably lame to say the least . 
I'm not sure we're talking about the same thing .  The guarantee of a particular form of government is a far cry from specifying every liberty the States must protect . Perhaps you can clarify the connection . 
I guess it's not really applicable to you anyway since you got your wiener blown off in Nam . 
We know .  Nato regurgitated the same talking point in post 3 .  Do try to keep up . 
Well to get healthcare from $6000 per person to $3
Football
 .  .  .  .  . Maybe the cold long Canadian winter has affected you for weather may have an impact on a person's behaviour .  For instance the sunny warm weather in Sydney has made us easy going
I can well believe Orion saying that you used a source that said the Rabbi's condoned pedaphilia
No
Cosying up to gays is a must for a career in the arts  . 
Oh dear .  Imagine if the doors to the Bed Bath and Beyond suddenly closed ! 
Looks to me like its time to set things straight by writing your own book and name it  The Kansas Conspiracy Farce by Daewoo : ) 
Why do you think they don't answer the question .  They obviously love to ignore you and then go off on a tangent
How is this any different from retail professionals demanding the government enforce single payer retail ?  And should it be surprising that members of any industry would want the government to directly finance it ? Hell America already has single payer automobile construction
It's not surprising that 21 million people would vote for Moore's feces .  More than that voted for John French Kerry .  In yellow dog politics
Yes
4Forums is secretly run by the government for the sole purpose of identifying non-conformists and physiologically torturing them with a mind control device that lets them speak directly into your brain with high frequency radio waves
Baby can be used to describe a human fetus .  Get over it . 
I'm not advocating passing handguns out at the front door of school .  Surely
no i do not think that all life comes from a single-celled ancestor in the distant past .  the first reason for this is my faith in the inherent word of god .  secondly
That unfortunately is what seems to frighten a lot of people .  That a majority of people could vote aginst them . Bear in mind that ANY democracy as a bedrock depends on a majority vote .  Even the US Constitution can be amended and changed by a majority vote difficult and complex though it may be . 
how boring .  i hope they do bomb the us
The number of people that do this is irrelevant
haha
Even before the repeal of D . C . 's handgun ban
So what  !  Of course there were gays in 17th Century England .  It's Europe for crying out loud .  We didn't have any here yet though .  emoticonXGood Well
Here  ( Italy ) 
You forgot marry their dogs . 
if this is directed at me
For instance; they have many pages dedicated to the history
No
You know something is wrong with this world when people start calling embryos and non-sentient life forms victims and referring to martin Luther King Jr .  to justify their views .  It seems today that anyone that shows any decency or slight intelligence or common sense is labeled a radical leftist .  Man
When It Comes to Enabling the Terrorism of Gun Deaths in America
Since God is omnipotent that is true .  Omni means all .  Potent means able to have intercourse .  Wow I think I may have won Hank's debate and the only proof you need is at dictionary . com
Tell me about it .  They had Kerry winning FL by 2 or 3%
Lately
I see you haven't thought about it much .  It would be a medical monument to build an artificial womb; but to build one out of tissue .  .  .  it's science fiction . 
Quote:Originally Posted by sinjin View PostI wasn't about spelling but Tither's use of a homophone and the irony attached to incite in this case .  A bit of humor far too sophisticated for you . President Obama appears to stand quite tall from where I'm standing . 
I've already shown that to be false .  See my previous posts on this . 
My personal answer would be that if god is truly omnipotent
3 )  Of course if you throw out morality as a basis for law
This guy is retarded .  There's no point trying to explain to him why it's WRONG to believe in something completely improbable .  It's the fundie wall of ignorance . These people shouldn't be allowed to breed . 
How ironic you would even care since  ( 1 )  you've opposed saving the lives of 101
“Either God exists or he doesn't .  It is a scientific question .  The existence of God is a scientific question
You have obviously been told this by a pro-choicer who will leap to any rationale no matter how shallow in order to justify his/her defense for abortion .  He fails to appreciate that preventing an egg from being fertilized is not at all similar to murdering a fetus which is in many cases at a minimum of up to 3 months of development .  Hi Ryuuichi
We have post-graduate and internation student halls
You have two completely different things in your question so
Researchers from Knox College find that male college students who held a gun rather than a child's toy for 15 minutes had elevated levels of testosterone and added three times as much hot sauce to a glass of water that another test subject subsequently had to drink . Richard Morin - Perfect 10s and the Odds of a Pink Nursery - washingtonpost . com 'The finger pulls the trigger
So lemme get this straight .  Terrorist agents
I don't want to do anything as far as laws are concerned .  I would recommend that she and the father raise the child
The reason simones threads turn to Yobama is because she is attacking Rick Warren as if he is responsible for anything the Ugandan Government does .  Simones link attempts to link Warren to this legislation because of his relationship with a Ugandan Pastor
NO ! What we need to do is out terrorize the terrorists ! Using a plethora of dispicable methods born out of the heart of madness
With 250 million guns owned in the U . S .  today -- it's as if we're permanently awaiting a siege that will never come -- there's simply no hope of eradicating arms from the American equation . 
So making it much worse cures the problem .  Get a grip . 
The holocaust by the Nazis against the jewish people
RTL backed three bills that were recently passed in the Georgia Senate:One requires an ultrasound prior to abortion . Another protects pharmacists if they refuse to fill prescriptions for drugs that end pregnancies . The third allows prosecutors to charge people with causing the death of a fetus
Cellular
For me the reason I don't give it credit is that it's irrelevant--I don't see how it matter either way way if sexual orientation is natural or not .  It's a separate issue from the moral one . Remember
The key issue is that once children are born they are not physically dependent on a particular individual . 
I'm sorry but to me spreading misinformation sounds like something the Devil would do . god is really the Devil . All you Christians are actually the properly of Satin . Way to go Satin ! 
Everybody's a media critic .  I interject a little sarcastic humor ?  Oh brother . 
There is no logic in your argument at all . For starters
That's the whole thing in a nutshell
I never claimei the belief systems of homophobes were fragile .  Exactly the contrary .  I was making an ironic comment   on that being the inescapable  ( and ludicrous )  implication of the constant 'phobe claim that same-sex marriage was a threat to my strongly-held beliefs . 
very poor reasoning .   the publics way too busy with important issues such gaining weight at fast food joints and spreading christian hypocrisy . 
Atheism
You are
In fact
Glory holes in public conveniences is a gay invention not mine . 
I agree entirely .  Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison
Happygrl35
your whacked out
OK
Where was I defending Spitzer ?  Or did you make that up so you could attack me since you have no argument ?  Why do you think that I exclude Democrats from the category of Politician ? 
if miscarriage is manslaughter
Oh
Four campus shootings in one week . 
So they  ( pro-life peeps )  say abortion is murder .  Of course
I would appreciate it if some of you experts could give me some simple answers to a couple simple questions and help me with some of my doubts . 
By the way - you keep making yourself look
Reading around
Another great irony is now a mostly male Democratic leadership that thinks taking away women's right to choose is a Christmas gift or bonus to the American people
When was the last mass murder at a UK university then ? 
you have no examples of civilians shooting each other  ?  ?  :p
Tea Party Leader Calls Obama an Indonesian Muslim turned welfare thug and a racist in chief .  .  .  .  .  .  . No .  Your anger isolates you . Your vitriol isolates you . And furthermore
And did you have to do this before being allowed to marry ?  Cause frankly I fail to see the benefit of your marriage to me or anyone else outside of your family at all . 
I agree that liberalism sucks .  However
The tired old 'you can't eat seafood' argument attempting to try to justify illicit gay sex sin . 
These mooks are legends in their own minds marc .  Yet in spite of their sanctimonious arrogance I actually feel sorry for them because of the massive fall which awaits them when the reality of their spiritual condition hits home on that final day .  emoticonXCry emoticonXDonno
Laura Bush and the china:Laura Bush Unveils Her Pricey China | NBC WashingtonI guess the Obamas are not being hit with the bill this time
No
I believe every animal was probably initally created to be vegetarians
i am working here on the assumption that you are not a smoker: how do like it when someone blows tobacco smoke in your face ?  do you cough
You MUST be a man .  Pregnancy is inherently dangerous and puts incredible strain on the woman's body <dryly> Your male perspective is duly noted . 
It pretty much puts an end to the argument if you're an atheist . 
Which of course
True .  But we have gone over it
The study was based on data from the U . S .  Consumer Products Safety Commission's National Electronic Injury Surveillance System
Oh
Yes he is .  Correct .  Which leaves anyone believing that nonsense in the OP looking rather foolish Best rush out and buy an extra gun or two in case it might be true .  ; ) 
Regardless of the name change
oh brother .  .  so what if a minority of americans wanted to legalize murder . this is rediculous . 
A well regulated militia was intended to minimize dependence on a standing army which the Founders thought was a threat to liberty .  I'm not sure what you're claiming is a contradiction . 
Perhaps God has somthing to offer them ? 
Remembering those conservative Christians who committed revolutionary suicide at Jonestown
Also
And what is so special about religion that give people special rights for a choice ?  I say no special rights for religion . 
If anyone can find the name Zeus in this paragraph then please contact Xcaliber .  . he needs it real bad to salvage his pride lolemoticonXBounceremoticonXBounceremoticonXBouncerMaybe they can find his nuts too .  .  . 
For those who are in Christ the tendancy is to be pulled towards good decisions . 
A third or fourth eye is simply a copy of an existing body part . If it's a FIRST eye that evolved
A computer never does anything but what it has been told to do given a certain stimulus .  Any real decisions were taken by the programmer .  Once a certain set of preconceived conditions are encountered
We're the new kid on the block compared to France .  We didn't exist 300 years ago
Oh joy a sob story about poor life choices and lack of free denistry .  So baby how about those poor folks in Britain pulling their own teeth because of lack of healthcare ?  Get real . 
I'm pro-humanity . I didn't look at that clip
Their beliefs are fanciful .  We might as well give credence to Murray the mystical Eeel as having created the earth and the universe .  It's unparsimonious . You don't need absolute proof for something to be valid .  There is no credible proof for creationism
Even gun nuts should possess enough gumption to know that an internet petition isn't worth the paper it isn't written on .  emoticonXGood
You asked where it was written
I was educated in 12 years of Catholic school plus 2 years at St Josephs univ .  in Philly so I know my catechism .  .  . That is what is important to me .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
I read the essay .  The only mention of a hair follicle came from you . 
Monkeys don't generally have problems with their private parts being functional . 
You'd be hard-pressed to get me to agree with your definition of conservative  . And I'd love to tell them .  Do you have their e-mail addresses ?  I'll start with chickenshit Kennedy . 
Because science continues to LOSE GROUND in its search for explanations for origins of the first life ? 
Alrighty
So easy to do in America
I think it was the french who had come to the new world that the governor had lost control of due to their unopposed heathenism .  The request was not to save the native Americans from godlessness .  The french settlers had gone hog wild . 
That would be beating the bejesus out of a kid as opposed to teaching him or her how to govern his or her impulses by themselves . 
your own quoted article states that your source is wrong
Take the same poll in Detroit and I wonder what the results would be . 
Without question my largest beef with God would have to be the fact that according to the Bible you need to believe in God in some fashion or another in order to make it into heaven .  The reason this is my beef with him is because it is much more difficult to believe in him when you are born in India than if you are born in the US or Europe .  The Indian culture is that of Hinduism and a mix of other religions unlike that of the US and Europe which is primarily Christian .  That means being born in the US or Europe gives you a better chance of making it to heaven as you are more likely to end up being a Christian and believing in God .  Would the be at all fair if this were the case ?  My answer is plainly and simply no !  It is idiotic infact .  If God existed and he was perfect then almost without a doubt he would have to base getting into heaven on the actions of a person instead of the beliefs of a person to be fair .  His system would not be at all perfect if being born in one place means you get into heaven while being born in another place means you don't get into heaven .  Furthermore this means that he needs to take into consideration other influences on your life including whether or not your parents or community were proper places to grow up and whether or not you were ever given the proper situation in which to change your life to God's expectations .  If not given any opportunities or given very few and still turning out to be a decent person should be better than if you turned out to be a decent person and were given many opportunities to end up this way .  God in all his perfection would need a very complicated system to judge who gets into heaven in order for it to be fair but I just don't see spelled out in the Bible . 
They should be discredited
those kind of websites are like porn to gun nutsbut getting big gun wont compensate for being born with a small one
Although we do not undertake an exhaustive historical analysis today of the full scope of the Second Amendment 
And
Strawman .  Key phrase until you can prove them when its really until science can prove them . 
But
jim's trucking: Interpretations depend on the source of the information .  I'd hate to let you sneak a point across with faulty logic . 
I reckon that evolution is still just a theory for a valid reason .  It is untrue and cannot be proven .  Darwin himself said that his theory would be proven or disproven based on the future discovery of transitional fossils .  There have been NO such fossils ever found . That being the case
I got a good idea .  however
I remember one woman who was in her 7th month of pregnancy
I will not alter my foundational belief in marriage and family just because some cry for freedom at all costs . 
Sorry
There you go again
No
Six people out of
I don't know how it works in such a precise way tq
I think it is only logical as an atheist to say that evil is a relative term and thus does not truly exist . 
Then you misunderstood what I said .  Because I posted the whole link which referred to itself as the Flavium Testimonium . 
Many evolutionists are pretty bright
The sex of the child victims does not tell us the adult sexual orientation of the criminal .  This applies whether the victims are all boys or all girls . 
Murder without pain is still murder .  If you pour CO2 into a babies room while their sleeping they probably won't feel anything . Biologically the fetus is an individual human organism from conception
Don't worry too much about removing the 's' Yossarian . The original line read:and the tides of time rushes in . It should have either been and the tides of time rush in . orand the tide of time rushes in . If SpicyGirl is unable to take constructive critism
It has moved on to The Scientific Theory of Evolution . Hmm
I didn't see it that way at all .  Moore handled himself way better than I expected before I hit the play button .  I thought for sure that he would be outfoxed to use a pun . 
ez is not a pseudo-intellectual snob he is an anti-intellectual fool . You need to get it together man
aryan was more than
if people with to smoke marijuana legally
I was right wasnt I ?  You do have buck teeth and play the banjo .  .  . look see if the Sesame street web site has a definition of zombie .  . what an arsehole lol
Yes
Interesting how when you search this article on google
I have already asked God for forgiveness and he has forgiven me . 
Consider it a bonding opportunity .  Going down to give your thumb print with your dad . Picking up your first firearm .  Sort of like him taking you to the DMV to get your driver's license .  Touching really . : ) 
Yeah
At the risk of becoming embroiled in a seemingly heated exchange
I realize you're praying that I didn't notice
Is Admin posting a 'best of' of Creationist lie-sites ?  Come on
Oh well .  At least from my studying it seems that the Christian worldview is not correct in any way
Come to that .  .  .  given that all humans start out as a single cell
It would be better to produce the facts over and again than it would by using the above tactics
Like
I could claim that you sexually violate chickens…The absolute absurdity of this guys arguments is stunning and perfectly deserving of unabashed taunting .  .  .  . BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !  !  !  .  .  .  .  . Listen
The Sword of TRUTH SCOFF !  Why must truth be accompanied with a tool of violence ?  Only the religious possess the shameless audacity of claiming exclusive possession of truth and backing their claims with VIOLENCE .  Religion / christianity is negated by the very FACT it is violent and indeed lunatic ! 
You are very narrow minded and in my opinion an idiot  (  .  .  .  )  people like you  (  .  .  .  )  If you dont have anything insightful to say why dont you just keep your personal opinion about my intelligence to yourself . 
The hell that is earth is not quite the same hell that people get threatened with . 
Yeah
Why don't we leave the medical advice to the professionals
I know what the GC is .  It is not a TV report on a politicians opinion on how he thinks it should be interpreted
hey easy
So if a drug addict
That's it ?  That was your post ?  To attack a source without anything backing you up ?  Bravo ! 
Ok  .  .  .  I have to stop to take issue with something here
By the way
Families can multiply a lot faster than you think .  I'm not sure of the correct time
If there's one thing I can count on
Yeah
18 fun challenges for evolutionistsCarl Sagan
Those ads likely pay a large portion of the bill to be here .  .  . I pay nothing .  .  . I doubt you do either .  .  . I ignore the ads .  .  . I doubt you cannot train yourself to do the same . 
Not a coincidence
I didn't realize you could just summarily disregard a poster's source without providing any info to back this up .  You then proceed to attempt to refute unkerpaulie's points but fail to provide any source to support your claims .  As far as I can tell you aren't a medical professional who specializes in pre-natal care and development so your argument can't really stand up to criticism on its own .  Your can only refute another's points if you have solid data to back them up . 
Let's see some bullet items to debate
As I said
Yeah
Second
If we were created in God's image
But how can you be against a proven method of reducing abortions at the same time ? 
PERIOD .  God is good
The concept of Free Will is Bull Shite  .  It's not FREE if you are faced with a consequence for your choice . 
How long idd the theory of spontaneus generation hold prevelance before somebody actually challenged it scientifically ? 
You are not implying that Catholics shouldn't have the right to use the media to put forth ideas on politics
Hint: America doesn't win anything by staying in Iraq killing Iraqis .  Real life isn't a videogame you're trying to complete . Hint: Using multiple punctuation marks detracts
Shouldn't you be assembling examples of vicious prosecution for self-defence in Australia with which to beat me over the head ?  Or have you entirely abandoned that effort ? Btw only you guys are calling it fine print
Well
Crock !  Tripe !  Poppycock !  Utter nonsense ! It sounds like a bunch of bozos still haven't figured out what free speech is all about . 
Nothing is higher or more important than the rights and well being of GLBTpeople everywhere or anywhere to the exclution of all others if necessary . 
You say that homosexual relationships should be all that there should be because hetero sex is wrong .  Using your logic there would be no more children because nobody would be straight .  After everyone died humans would no longer exist because there would be no offspring .  Very intelligent I must say .  Great way to preserve the human race . emoticonXBanghead This is how I feel everytime I hear a dumb statement like that . 
If I ever ran on a platform like this i'm positive i'd never get elected
Fair enough .  But are there other things that could have been done to prevent the invasion before it happened ?  I'm not trying to diminish you sense of safety or personal security
Uh
Preach on JP .  Its one of those shiny moments when you are actually right . 
Nice job moving the goalpost
Didn't say that Mars was made of green cheese .  I had said what if the Moon  ( You know
And that is the difference between activists and pathetic
First he  ( Orion )  starts with a comedy website
I think you shot me last time around if I recall . emoticonXGoodemoticonXConfused
God's law supercedes man's law .  Man is fallible
I hate to rain on your parade but the vote taken is non binding and most congregations are expecting to break from that small minority who voted that way .  .  .  .  .  .  . Stay tuned .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
BLet it not be said the grace of God for salvation in Jesus Christ is not freely available . 
They decide when you get to come in and go out
**Congrats on this very active Support Group for Losers you guys have put together .  I'm sure all the group hugs will help lessen the terrible anxiety attacks you've been suffering lately
Welp
You do realize that a militia is nothing more than a group of armed citizens
For someone to whine offense and trolling in this thread authored by this troll and for the same someone to have posted 13 times in this trolling thread demonstrates the height of hypocrisy
Not all who are left hate God . 
I am 50% sure that God exists and 50% sure that he doesn't .  Woo hoo . 
No
That serpent
While most of the commonly held conjecture certainly fits the evidence at hand
This happened to both these guys who I know are straight shooters  ( no pun intended )  .  Where is the justice in that .  . 
What's the scoop here ? It seems to me with all the shootings that occur in the United States because of all the gun happy nuts running around
What I marvel at is that you're not even embarrassed to ask such an ignorant question .  Because if it's a chicken egg
where can you find a dog with no legs ?  where ever you left him .   no i don't believe in evolution .  emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken
Therefore
Dattaswami Banned and the depravity-minded gay sex crowd has sought shelter somewhere where a moderator can protect them from the truth . Things are looking up indeed !  Now if we can just educate some of the liberal deadheads around here it might a true renaissance .  emoticonXBouncer
As we know
I know .  They did that to us
I think that's exactly why the anti-gay marriage crowd would never go for that idea .  That is part of the reason that you see PRO-GAY proponents typically bring up this idea
Actually no such right exists
My Goodness Simone .  . 
Did your thought process ever include the question: What choice does the victim have ?  Does the instinct to survive exist in the helpless ?  The being that is totally dependent on the being that brought about it's existence becoming a victim of that being entrusted with it's safe keeping
ok were supposed to believe in GOd and then believe in evolutin .  .  . 
Anti-choicers don't give two whits about life
Whatever you think about what she was intending to do or not -- though she communicated quite clearly -- is rather irrelevant given the offense and those surrounding circumstances . I bet this is your opinion ANY time the story concerns a black defendent and a white police officer .  Because you're a racist . 
If only more people were armed this tragedy might have been minimised . 
Most think it undervalued
Revisionist history by gays is still revisionist history .  While AIDS can be spread through heterosexual sex
this is the omega word
Among homosexual men in particular
I'd still rather be chased by a person with a knife than run a zig zag pattern in an attempt to evade a bullet . 
behavior dictates risk .  some practices are 'more risky' than others .  but to say gays are more prone to hiv infection
NOTE: When I say beneficial mutations
This from a Sumo Spainiard barricaded in a basement ? You got so many things wrong here it would take a book to cover them all and you can't read .  tsk
One
Michael Jackson is a singing/dancing enigma that has not been equaled in the history of the US .  Sammy Davis came close .  Elvis was big on marketing and short on pure talent .  Neither of the aforementioned are my cup o' tea so to speak but I must give credit where credit is due regardless . One other thing Whacko Jacko represents is the sheer possibilities afforded to each and every American citizen to succeed .  Michael Jackson came into this world a poor
Just a general statement; not aimed at anyone . Some people confuse CO-carbon monoxide and CO2-carbon dioxide .  I don't know why
Yet mine is right .  .  .  . well it isn't really mine
It deals with the death penalty .  .  . really the court is one vote away from getting rid of it because some liberal judges don't like it . 
It seems in this case they used termination to get rid of dna evidence therefore allowing the stepfather to carry on abusing his step daughter . The mother should be charged with destroying police evidence and accessory to the crime . 
I think part of the problem is that you don't need to explain that to me at all . THAT is my point . You consistently criticize the gay side for not acknowledging that it's their belief
 .  .  .  ( the OTHER 95% )  who can't be bothered with a child or does not want to deal with stretch marks or fear their boyfriend may dump them .  emoticonXRolleyes
that's easy .  check out and for example .  now your turn .  please explain how you would turn 3 . 5kg of oxygen
Former Supreme Court chief justice Warren Burger complained about the NRA having too much influence in government and misleading the American people:
The Bible was written by many of the wisest men in history .  Plus
The fact that freedom of speech is still valid has nothing to do with this - the constitution doesn't rise and fall as one
Fools !  You've all been decieved !  Listen not to the lies of the Foodstuff demons
It was sarcasm .  .  . seeing that's what some Dems think should be done . 
When placed on the ballot instead of being rammed down the public's throats by activist courts and out-of-touch legislators
I'm not going to say oh
What part of school biology needs evolution to make sense ?  taking out evolution is not like taking out algebra and equations of curves out of mathematics and still teaching calculus . 
I believe the legal term here is libel .  As in
Those are pauls words and not Gods .  Just because it is in the bible dosen't make it Gods word . 
doesn't oz refute peddler ?   after all
Yeah
For your info
Sure I can
The invisible pink flying panda says you're wrong .  Prove that it doesn't exist .  I take it you have no formal education whatsoever ? I take it you have no understanding of science
oh and by the way i agree with Benjamin .  God IS GOOD all the time and in the end God will win meaning creation beats evolution every time . 
And it also took an amendment to give the slaves rights
Not really
The words I have generously provided you above are in fact from my own book of fairytales and require no validation because it's just common sense . emoticonXKill emoticonXAngel
what i am saying is that there are people on mars
gay sex was a sin then also .  why do you think all of the states used to outlaw sodomy
The father deserves nothing but scorn and derision .  He is a murderous cretin whose stupidity killed his child . 
Sina mostly followed instructions and smiled alluringly at men because she would have been beaten if men didn't choose her .  But sometimes she was in such pain that she resisted
LOL .  You are quick as a whip .  :pJP and I have been around and around on this point a hundred times
I hate to break it to you but the people have less confidence in the monstosity of 2000+ pages that no one knows what's in it not could anyone even begin to tell you bullet points .  Take your spam else where like the DU or the KOS where it will be received with koolaid salutes . 
Where's the smileys ?  This is a joke
Your question
Well i guess i should be happy that i have basic skills huh ? 
Now
<flush>God doesn't accept illicit gay sex sin . And what did Jesus try to tell carnal sinners ?  REPENT ?  Where's the repentance ? So don't give me that God accepts gay marriage
You said in one post you are a ex-christian .  If you new anything of Christianity you would know this is not possible .  It is possible you had the title of Christian without the relationship which gives you this title .  Christianity subscribes to the power of God to save you
that's a false analogy .  people who are sexually attracted to children harm children
Does a possible 25% of all new infections reported annually sound like a small minority in the gay community  ? http://www . annoy . com/editorials/doc .  .  .  . umentID100455
Is there no end to Republican hypocrisy ? Then & Now: Sen .  McConnell On Filibuster Of SCOTUS Nominees | Media Matters Action NetworkAfter the next election
Now this comment just shows how much of a bastard you truly are  .  .  .  emoticonXMad
Of course this doesn't show numbers of couples who are 'separated'  ( and possibly sleeping around or with multiple people
Just because Dolphins start using tools doesn't mean that one will give birth to a chipmunk ! Get real
Guns don't kill people .  They just make people want to kill . 
then chrisitanity will be next in line
They compare programs like Eddie Eagle
They're failing because the public school system is run by XXXXXX . 
To me it has nothing to do with equal or civil rights .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . It is a special right that gays want .  .  .  . They already have the same rights I have when it comes to marriage .  .  .  .  .  . They can marry anyone of the opposite sex .  .  . 
Oh really ?  I had the impresion that the death penalty was the worst we had to offer .  Can you inform we what is the ultimate penalty then ? 
Can she still cross state lines on her own ? 
Ha
Only after I put a thirty round burst of  . 223's at their feet 
Sir Issac Newton was an idiot and you are a genius ?  Hmm .  Let me think about that for a second ? 
Since when is it necessary for you to believe something in order for it to be true ? 
C'mon guys ! Leave poor Archie alone .  The guy is mentally incompetent .  Why pick on him ?  let him alone with his beliefs which he needs as badly as a man with broken legs needs crutches to move along . Without his beliefs poor Archie can not face life and even less death . So
 . and that's because the medical establishment has made it illegal to treat any disease in this country with anything other than FDA approved drugs or surgery .  It's all about the money
Its ironic how you gay people can turn things around and change the subject
Americans as a whole don't say soccer sucks; we just don't give a rat's XXX about it . 
Interesting .  The Creationists are evading this thread . 
Translation: Simone wants Saddam
I'm not disguising one thing .  I am always clear that my argument is equal marriage for same sex couples .  No one I know on my side argues simply for equality in marriage
okay
The figures for the number of gun related deaths in the US should be evidence enough that 'the people' cannot be trusted with guns .  This does not mean all the people
Thats why the Republicans have brainwashed you in to think that way .  It is a coverup after coverup by both partys . 
No simone
A human life is only a person once there is someone existing there .  Before a fetus has a mental existence
So of you pro-choice people confuse the heck out of me .  You go on and on about a women's choice when it comes to her body and how everyone else should stay the heck out of her business but then when people want to own weapons for personal defense/usuage .  People that haven't committed crimes and have been physiologically examined .  You go: NO !  That's WRONG !  You can't have your choice !  I'm being affected by it !   ( Even when its obvious NO you are not being effected by their choice to bear arms )  And you lot call pro-lifers hypocritical for being pro-death penalty .  Pfft . 
and what does that have to do with the price of rice in china ?  are you suggesting that in the event of a natural disaster you have the right to choose ?  if a tornado tore you from your bed and cast you into oblivion
He was arrested and spent several hours in a cell when plainly he had not broken any laws . 
Another dimwitted white guy who lu-u-u-u-u-u-ves his guns . 
Actually
mm i am usually with you on every issue but we part company on this one .  .  .  .  .  . there have just been to many credible people who have had sightings .  .  .  .  .  .  . maybe they are light years ahead of us in the technology of space travel .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . can you imagine what they could teach us if they made contact ?  some people are concerned that they could harm or destroy us .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . like i said before if they wanted to do that they could have already done it .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
Saving lives is a Republican goal ? Then
Is this the sort of thing that is being taught at that bastion of liberal science
It is much more important that you concern yourself with the destiny of your soul
Why do people keep posting anti-Bush/anti-US /nuclear weapons threads in the Gun Control forum ? Here's a hint: The Gun Control forum is for debating Gun Control . 
I am sorry the only perfect man that ever lived was Jesus Christ and maybe you in your own mind
If you were trying to use that to counter my point
Once one is adept at finding evidence after a conclusion is presumed
BUT along come a man-made invention that allows those certain portions to live on which otherwise would have died .  In once case - nylon
roflmao .  .  So now you're a Catholic And want to exorcise me .  You can't cast out what is not there doofus .  .  you should know better . 
Not too wordy as much as too BS'y . Ok
Uranus .  Is .  A .  Ball .  Of .  Gas .  Genius . 
That doesn't even make sense .  How do you help an abused young girl stay safe by making sure the abuser doesn't get reported ? 
First off
Job 41:18-21 18By his exhaling a light does shine
Atheists do
Justifies the death penalty too .  .  .  . I assume you agree with the death penalty judging by the personality of your posts . Do you ? 
Oh no
And who was this passage directed towards ?  Not the general public I suppose . Just because the bible say's one fruit and one womb is blessed doesn't automatically mean they all are !  If that were true God would make sure there were no such thing as a miscarriage . 
OH
Right .  And that is the reason for peer review .  Creationists don't subject their ramblings to peer review .  That is why so much care is devoted to the proper construction of experiments to test the hypotheses by real scientists .  Creationists just invent ad hoc stories without any experimentation . 
 .  .  . why I should be a liberal .   ( btw
If Britain has four times the violent crime rate of the US then why do a lot less murdered bodies per 100
Really ?  When ?  I have talked to many an Aussie who do martial arts and THEY aren't even allowed to get a permit to teach with swords
Oooh yes
I knew that there were other reasons that I didn't care for you .  Thank you for elucidating them .  And
Once again
Shocker -- Clinton cocaine overdose won't be in his book of liesHis half-brother Roger once commented that Bill had a nose for cocaine . No need to talk about past presidents
To bad they couldn't work the same magic on their next Republican President . Maybe Clinton better understood the downside of deficit spending and its effect on future generations . 
To the best of my knowledge Uncle Sam hasn't passed any laws forcing people to install left-handed doorknobs .  They learn to deal with the status quo .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . what a concept
Meeting the legal standard is easy .  It is reasonable to suspect anyone speaking Spanish in Arizona as being an illegal alien .  The same is true in California . 
Is the Moose really so dim that he needs you to answer for himemoticonXConfused
Maybe its from drinking out of the Cuyahoga .  I remember back in 68 when it caught on fire and burned for 3 days ! emoticonXHoho
I'm not sure what your point is .  You mistake rodensia for piltdown .  You cite Woodward
Answer the question Steeeve or admit that your claim is wrong .  When the post you cited as proof refutes your claim
Nah d00d .  .  .  .  This is a PIE adapter that goes into the factory AUX/CD changer controls .  .  .  . Listen to one and you will hate the cassette thingy
now we have a request that another forum member die .  there is nothing christian about you .  you may as well stop pretending .  if you are right about your god
Let`s establish a cybercampaign to search for his freedom
Because it is not germane to the topic under discussion and is nothing more than an attempt to hijack the forum into a discussion that is already present in another thread . If after chloe answers my question
Nope .  It's the liberals and godless mullets who are screwing things up . 
rivaled ?  not even close .  you just cant stop making things up can you ?  in 2006
Well let's look at the facts themselves .  Concealed carry laws are now part of the legal system in 48 out of the 50 states in this country .  Concealed carry started in Florida and worked their way from one state to another over a continuous 20 year period
You need to visit some other websites; i . e .  get yourself out and around in the real internet world some more . Shake the cobwebs off your bold . There are
I did not know that .  Facinating ! 
40 million people have died because they were aborted .  How many Einsteins or Edisons did we kill ?  What kind of great change have we prevented ? 
yes easy
Sounds like you have some real issues with the RCC and lots of venom to spew here on this forum . 
1 .  Bible inerrancy:2 .  The divinity of Jesus:3 .  The virgin birth:4 .  The belief that Jesus died to redeem man:5 .  An expectation of the Second Coming
One of the wealthiest segments of our population are gays .  Now .  .  . where's that crying towel and violin .  emoticonXCool
<Flush>People can speak well and be blooming imbeciles
Heck
Christian terrorist #1 Eric RudolphTerrorist #2 Timothy McVeighterrorist #3 Paul HillI go on ? 
Well if they're gonna be shelling out that shellac on a shingle for atheists
Gay sex is a sin and brings God's disfavor on men and nations .  We don't need the extra grief .  That's all you need to know . 
You don't sound like you are particularly knowledgeable about the good old USA . 
I was doing some work with a friend of mine at the Geological Survey of Canada on Friday
This is one of the totally awesome ones:http://www . chick . com/catalog/tractlist . asp
You also need to borrow about 60 more points of IQ to debate rationally with me . 
Clinton got around the draft twice .  Militarist Richard Bruce Cheney
So why should merchant ships be required to go unarmed and defenseless in dangerous areas ? 
It makes perfect sense if that is where his core beliefs are .  And they are exactly there .  Why do you think he told Joe the Plumber that he intended to spread the wealth around ?  He wants to over tax me so he can create an even larger welfare state
Jeez
You may call the Amish stunted and misguided
Just giving my honest opinion .  Its not what you're saying its how you're saying it . 
so by your various definitions
He was a partial-birth abortion provider that killed babies late term .  In terms of fetal viability he might as well been killing babies right after they'd been born .  I don't condone it
4 .  It adds costs to the court system via increased litigation over custody
An independant perspective doesn't make it a good thing .  Politicians that propose anti-gun legislation don't have to live in the real world with those of us that the bill will affect
No !  emoticonXAngry Obviously School uniforms wont stop bullying because only about 15% of bullying at my school is due to clothes . 
I have more than four properties and am doing quite well .  I have no desire to visit any other land besides Miss . 
What he suggested
Well
The solution is for people like you to look past their own morality and past their own noses ! 
Ah yes the oldest con game in the world .  Set up the game so its impossible to comply with the rules
rich people can take away poor peoples freedomthats why marx was so importanthe showed us that goverment can be the great equaliser because if only government owns property then nobody will be rich and we will all be equal
it takes faith to believe that a complex organ such as a pancreas or an eye could arise from randomness .  . 
Simone
And this link is promoted by Norma McCorvey
Would depend on how sucessful they thought the handing in was
you must be agnostic now .  you see his point-of-view .  you now doubt god
How sad it would be for me if I believed that this is all there is .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . When you die there is nothing else .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . I truly believe that a lot of atheists find religion on their deathbed .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . At least I hope that is the case .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
i don't recall saying neuro-electrical impulses were information  .  they are material and cannot be information .   if all matter was information what would we need books or language for ?  if you delete the hard drive on your computer does it weigh less ? 
I think with Fluke it makes her a slut .  Why else would a single woman want birth control meds at $3K a lot if not to protect against pregnancy ? And then Obama and Company say this is a War against women .  Horse manure .  They're full of it . 
since you are so sure that universal ideas of right and wrong exist
The difference is that you're totally helpless .  Do you prefer that scenario to be the norm
I repeat in rebuttal to the ignorant
And your point was demonstrated to be specious using your own source .  To contain strawmen even as you claimed it to be a strawman .  
By what standard of evidence does evolution science claim a direct evolutionary relationship with those hominids that preceded us such as Java
It would appear so .  Thank you Collin
What a crock .  I find myself loving when you go on and on so that I can continue to wail on you with the Truth Stick of No Mercy . 
There are now two documentary challenges to the integrity of Michael Moore's film:andCelsius 41 . 11
We all hope that Mass will be reclaimed back to normal life
Precisely .  The same can be said of Archie's post .  Which shows that he has not 'successfully made a point'
This is not a Christian country; the Europeans stole this land from Native Americans .  But it's fair to say you just insulted a number of people of faith
If Creationism replaced science ?  First
Allow me to correct something .  The law does not say that you will it says that you likely will . It allows for the outlier that you will not . 
i was shut down
My dear Archangel
Thanks to an order signed by Paul Bremer
Too bad that the truth is now something to be emoticonXCensored emoticonXDonnoAs for trivializing
I agree with you . Do I want abortion to used for birth control ?  no .  .  . As you say
You are against it for reasons of your personal religious beliefs
too bad you can't show me it .  'oh trust me it's there'  .  .  what a looser you are .  what a liar you are .  you make a physical claim
When nature says no or maybe to your hypothesis during empirical testing
It's more than likely the Trinity that's referenced in Genesis 1:26
 .  .  . I am not sure your wealth makes you different from someone else .  It means you wealth is unequal .  . we are talking about just people .  We all end up 6 foot under  ( so to speak )  in the end . 
Stellar and Planetary Evolution: origin of stars and planets
I'm sure you've been high on marijuana before .  And when you're high
Wrong again .  If she supported bans on all guns then why would she say I know the sense of helplessness that people feel .  I know the urge to arm yourself because that's what I did .  I was trained in firearms .  I'd walk to the hospital when my husband was sick .  I carried a concealed weapon .  I made the determination that if somebody was going to try to take me out
Jim
Err
MEXICO CITY – Guards and officials at a prison in northern Mexico allegedly let inmates out
As I have mentioned many times in these forums
We've got approximately 30
Notice he is from a baptist church .  The most bigest<term that has been banned>are baptists or catholic . 
This is a statement written by someone who obviously has not read scripture .  One of the most astonising proofs if you will
What this means is: that we will never figure out the intricate workings of the genome
I would secondly say that saying that one has a constitutional right to marry is not the same thing as saying that one has the right to marry a person of the same gender . 
I thought their reasoning was quite bizzare . 
“I take it you didn't look at any of the polls . ”
I agree
For anti-choicers
It is much more important that you concern yourself with the destiny of your soul
It is no shock that if you have a religious moral code that rejects a lifestyle then you would then reject that lifestyle .  What is shocking is that one would take the idea of rejecting a lifestyle and declaring it homophobia or gay-bashing .  It is a great example of taking a fact and drawing unreasonable conclusions from that .  But no one would make such a crazy claim on these forums emoticonXRolleyes
Somewhat so .  If grammatically meant with proper grammar
all what simone does is stir things up .  i am sorry that those little girls died but to paint all men with the same brush is sexism in reverse .  some men do not like women
I am no pacifist . 
 .  .  . and Genesis 2 is what was passed down through Noah
If Christianity included gays you would still be one JJ . You think Jesus hates you so youre getting your own backemoticonXRolleyes
Why
Yes it does troll
The author says enough about the book to suggest to anyone but a XXXXX that it was too sophisticated to be appreciated by infants and small children and also that it had far more in it than a santa claus connection . 
Yeah
Incredibly enough
I asked you earlier if your conclusion about Jesus' divinity would be changed if there were any Messianic prophecies that were not fulfilled by Jesus .  Why haven't you answered ?  Why haven't you tried for that reward ?  Why do you keep running ? 
Depends on how you define 'win'
so what is the bible then ?  simply a nice story-book for you to read from ?  if genesis is simply a representative story from which we can interpret the actions of god to mean natural selection and evolution
The proof is in the pudding .  .  I suggest that you read my post again and let me know if you disagree with any of my opinions .  If not
What's your definition of pure ? Has it ? This says different: do know of recent studies that show that minute amounts of toxic substances are beneficial and therapeutic .  I don't know if one can consider this homeopathic medicine though . I guess I don't know what's being called homeopathic medicine these days . If someone comes up with something that works can they just call it homeopathic medicine and say that homeopathic medicine works ? 
and the validity of your arguement here rests upon the yec reading of genesis
I guess people who think homosexuality is just a behavior must think celibate homosexuals don't exist .  emoticonXRolleyes
Both Evolutionists and Creationists have the same facts and evidence .  Our bias determines who we interpret them . 
Yes Supes; he is uninformed .  Your eyeballs travel to the things you see .  Butterflies have wombs .  Researchers like Justin Charles Touchon need YOU to interpret their experiments .  And you have never been successfully refuted .  Have I missed something in your list of delusions ? A little something from your time at TWEB
Prophecy can only be validated after the fact when spurious claims are redacted to fit reality . 
Nice work; I think that the reason those kids who own guns are more likely to get into trouble is a result of a specific political outlook that they are raised under which has an ifluence on their thinking . 
This is a major defeat for the Pastafarian Movement and the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster .  If Intelligent Design Creationism can't be taught in public school science classes
my college room-mate is southern and i love her to death .  coddle around hunter all you want .  he tried to demonize an entire musical genre  ( that he probably does not listen to and knows nothing about )  - and well
France did not agree with the invasion and occupation of Iraq .  However
You think Sandy has thousands of minions ?  Do you know what it means ? 
It's a result of Dr .  Pepper
the formation or expression of an opinion or theory without sufficient evidence for proof . 
I agree with you
but you fondle your guns alot more than herMen possess handguns in order to compensate for sexual dysfunction .  - Dr .  Joyce Brothers
depends on what you mean by evolutionist .  If you mean simply change over time
After all
blah
<Flush>Better lay off the Kool Aid
I said considering the history of the issue .  Marriage in America and in the modern British tradition
She thinks the university's leaders should have been more open about their failure to provide the killer with adequate counselling
Matthew
I'm not in the least surprised .  .  I stated that it was required by Law .  .  I never said anything about when it became a requirement .  As of now
I know
You need to get a dictionary and look these big words up jason .  Because you don't have a clue as to what you're saying or how to stay on track in your response to arguments on a debate forum . 
NO
Why did you even bother reading the proposal ?  Frankly I saw a rabbit in my yard yesterday and found it a lot more enlightening than what Obama thinks is a good idea . I got to 4 trillion over 12 years and decided that was enough .  For those who are divisionally challenged that comes to under $350 billion a year in savings when our deficit is about 5 times that THIS YEAR .  Obviously in 12 years that won't be that much .  So who cares what else it says .  Don't waste your time . 
Words like high road coming from your mouth is incredibly funny . Keep at it  !  !  ! 
Saddam does not have absolute control of the laws of physics or mathematics . 
''No
I called you a misogynist
Get a clue atheists
Great foundit
Democrats are not clean and pure as the wind driven snow
The admin is going to be busy tomorrow reading all the posts I sent via the nice report post button . I did not lie .  That alone disproves you as you can't prove I did lie .  Just stop . 
No
I had to read this thing twice before it registered that Brooks was actually saying that he was rooting for the rich against the poor .  If he keeps this up
i agree .  i don't agree with us being in iraq but now that we shattered their security
*NOTE*: THIS IS NOT FOR THE WEAK AT STOMACH :*NOTE*Just read .  .  . Dear Mommy
I've never said you could .  I know what printing money can do
I have not insulted you in the least .  I merely speak the truth . You should try it some time . 
Well
Yes through what is described as the heterosexual lifestyle .  Besides you are very much an exception to the rule . P . S .  Only homosexuals wear dungarees
1 .  You cannot legislate the poor into prosperity
I've asked repeatedly for an example of a mutation that beneficially alters phenotype and have yet to receive one . 
Just out of interest
All we want is for the baby in the womb to have the same chance you did if possible . 
Locked door sounds good to me . Are we assuming that the hijacker also has a gun ?  Or would otherwise it result in a duel with plastic forks and the purple thing left over from lunch ? Trouble is this question leads to the next one- would you prefer to possibly have a passanger with a gun
The National Safety Council's new report shows that accidental firearm-related fatalities remain at record lows
Many of the gun hating crowd also own guns .  It's the elitism belief
i'm used to reading non sequiturs from you
Yes
It wouldn't need a translation if it was clear from the outset .  LOL emoticonXGood
There's no comparing gays to murderers in anything I wrote
Worship not money
Now how could I have forgotten about your lame XXX .  Easily .  LOL
nonsense !  what it is a reflection of is the sense of paranoia that the hard right religious radical lunatic fringe has created ever since 9/11 .  if you were panicked
As the founders of Darwinism/evolution introduced it as a way to make God unnecessary/get around God . 
So
If elected
This was talking about the Turing guy who slept with men .  I am sure glad he did !  !  If he had not
I drive fast
Well why aren't you ?  If you are willing to sacrifice justice for efficiency
I am frustrated because as I said before the attack on co-option requires that you keep several premises in mind and it for some reason  ( am guessing sub-conscious avoidance )  --
Sorry my brain wasn't working that early this morning .  What I was trying to say was I can't understand those who wish to completely take guns away from civilians .  Now I think it does get a little extreme with owning several M-16s
 .  .  .  .  . And really
You must be thinking of Behe .  Dembski originally planned to be part of the trial
hard to face the facts
4 .  Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet . 
Perhaps you can demonstrate the link between swiss gun laws and a shooting in a swiss owned factory in missouri with an interpretive dance . 
No
The FBI reports that militant anti-abortion activists have had a hit list circulating for at least 15 years . 
safer by openly carrying unloaded handguns ?  that's the law in ca .   of course you can have a loaded magazine or two on the other hip .  http://abclocal . go . com/kgo/story ? sec .  .  . bay&id7261522
Most people do have this peculiar preference of comfort over suffering .  It's called a respect and appreciation for how precious life is .  Do they have hospice care where you live ? 
Is Mr Mule suggesting that US is about to launch a series of attacks in an attempt for world domination ? 
250 rounds ? What happened to one shot one kill ? keep them away from me in asituation . emoticonXWowshould have intoxicated his brain with a bullet . 
He has ?  ?  I didn't realize he had you on speed dial . Do you mind asking him to give the rest of us a call ?  Just so that he can clear up the confusion in the general populace . 
Bush's first act as President was to hop in bed with Ted Kennedy and pass the NCLB Law .  Then he attempted to appease the AARP by passing a $Trillion prescription Plan for whiteheads .  If that isn't appeasing liberals and moderates
I don't know why you are having such a hard time making sense of my quotes . 
They can . But
Who said anything about Voodoo ?  .  .  You honestly think because you found ONE definition for Zombie that suddenly the great gansao is right ?  .  .  How moronic can you be .  Jebus wasn't real
Simple
Do you believe they  ( atheists )  should not be allowed to display their message but the church should be allowed to display theirs ? 
your passive agressive thing is so childish .  If you want to come debate with the grown ups try be one ! 
just read the following story .  my question is thus
How many times is God referred to in the context of spirit of God though ? 
Wrong - a 1 month old has human organs
I'm not trying to change your laws
Considering how Symbiote has you running around in circles trying to pathetically defend your contridictions
You need to read what people say more thoroughly
Why does they admin let EZ post comments like this to other people
I guess our little 14-year-old was humiliated beyond belief and decided it was best to not even try to respond to tons of evidence that refuted his/her evidences . 
It is a good thing .  But why must we destroy the earth and 2/3rds of humanity to accomplish it ?  That is the downside to the end of the age saga which is coming .  You can liken it to when God poured out the plagues on Egypt because Pharaoh refused to free His people .  That event will be repeated again
jim's trucking
funnt i have had sex with the same guy for years and years .  so have most of my friends .  i think you may be taking a sterotype and applying it to all gays .  doesn't work here
As for the extremely rare case where a womans life is at risk because of the baby and she has to choose between herself or the child which could result in possible death for both .  Who am I to say what decision she should make .  That is a horrible thing for someone to have to choose .  I do know
Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox today threw his support behind the National Rifle Association's challenge of a City of Chicago ordinance banning possession of most handguns by filing a brief with the U . S .  Supreme Court . Cox's amicus brief -- a document filed in court by someone not directly related to a case -- supports the request by the NRA to the Supreme Court for an appeal of the U . S .  Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals' decision in June favoring the City of Chicago . At least 33 other states support the NRA's request for the court to hear an appeal in National Rifle Association v .  City of Chicago . 
All right
Even better were does it say that evolution is proven ? 
Um
I was high but I wanted your soul .  I'd be good at teaching if everyone did remember to save a good high .  No bad idea when high !  I said one time .  I knew a nice teacher for about a week .  .  .  actually I didn't .  There's probably attitude school because most teachers know me .   ( side subject
Sounds like a fact which has been blown out of all proportion - possibly by the pro-gun side attempting to ridicule it .  It is a fact
Do I really have to spell it out for people who are just too dishonest to get it .  Gun safety is a medical issue !  Who has to treat gunshot wounds ?  I just gave an example of the Brady Center protecting rights .  That is good !  Others were trying to take away rights .  That is evil ! 
Very bizare
No just the words I used . I am curious about the intelligible
As an adoptive parent of 3 with decent knowledge of how 'the system' works
If Democrats had any Brains They'd be Republicans by Ann Coulter . 
I don't think I've ever heard of a church that reinstated a minister after he admitted he was gay .  Even upon a 'repentance' .  Have you ?  A lot of Christians view homosexuality as a lot worse and darker sin than the Bible makes it out to be--they take that and it colors their view of a gay person as a person
I personally believe that abortion is murder of a defenseless
Because it is illegal to own a handgun without a difficult-to-get permit in New York
I would just want the woman to ask that question before she spreads her legs . Dono
emoticonXLove Indeed
The Universal Declaration of Human RightsNothing about guns there
Your selective memory is at work again .  As I recall
I think the risk from the Christian Right is less the theocracy
I can cork a bottle of Two Buck Chuck with a cork that is 100 years old .  The point is
No it f****n' isn't !  If that was the case then Plessy v .  Ferguson should have been used as precedent for all the following cases that dealt with segregation and racism .  In Plessy the Supreme Court ruled that black men weren't entitled to the same facilities as white men
Did you come up with that one yourself ?  Or did you have help by someone trying to silence the truth of those statements of fact ?  My
But nobody is forcing you to support anti-Catholic policies .  Of course
I had to laugh at that piece of projection .  When you grow up
i read it the first time .  your are trying to argue that your experience was somehow unique and the way it happened excludes you from those who do what everyone else is doing .  there is absolutely nothing in your personal story that is remarkable in anyway .  as i said before just because you don’t realize it doesn’t mean that it is not influencing you to do what everyone else is doing .  it happens to everyone including stupid arrogant people with an i’m special attitude .  your thinking is so screwed up that it precludes from knowing that .  you really think your something special but you’re not your just another brain dead clone . 
originally posted by wsm2506: personally
If profits exceed 60% of your sales .  There are laws against profiteering and any company that is making more then 60% profit is profiteering . 
The quote you mentioned in no way justifies allowing people to refuse to treat homosexuals while forcing them to treat all of those other protected groups .  I do not think that point was addressed there . 
His reference to Marxism is to say that Nazi Germany wasn't COMMUNIST in that it didn't promote PUBLIC OWNERSHIP of the MEANS OF PRODUCTION as the USSR and CHINA did at the time .  Are you completely unaware of the difference between communism and socialism ?  Don't the socialist countries around the world today allow private ownership of businesses ?  While at the same time
 .  .  . humans evolved from ape-like ancestors that lived in Africa 5-10 million years ago
I don't expect you to believe anything outside of your limited range of understanding .  But now I'll expect the scoffing and mocking to start
Considering you left-wingers have been wearing out lawyers for the last 100 years trying to get all the vestiges of Christianity erased from our halls of government
Being a Christian
Wrong .  Dead wrong
How about a ban on J Miro in exchange for a ban on high cap mags ?  You cant have your cake and eat it too . 
No
You needn't be far left to support reasonable gun regulation . What current firearm related issue would drive an anti-gunner to commit a terrorist act ? Or are you just lumping anyone who supports gun control in with PETA and radical environmental groups ? I'd be watching for the next murderous domestic terrorist to come from the ranks of those sporting teabags .  Wanna place a little wager ? 
i
Left wing media ?  Left wing Congress ? You've been drinking the Kool-Aid . 
There is nothing wrong with honest intelligent debate on this issue
This standard gets ever complicated .  The 22wk old baby inside the mother has less value to you it seems .  Actual location determines a value .  .  . someone else determines the value on someone .  It really is confusing .  I just don't understand how value it relative to other things .  .  .  . even more so when it comes to humans
no
Ethmi
Archie
And like the police 
All the dead ones are in hell emoticonXRolleyes Why don't they tell us where they are buried or killed or something ? 
The poor can't afford it and the rich don't want it . 
He finishes the book with What kind of God do I believe in ?  The answer is in these words .  I believe in Darwin's God . 
You made an assertion of fact
What great faith you evilutionists have in nothingness !  LOL
We are like soldiers .  It is a war
 .  .  . Many of Carl Baugh's creation ‘evidences' .  Sorry to say
You can hardly expect respect if you are not prepared to give any
Sinjin
Actually
Oh .  .  . so humans all must have the same bone structure ?  Kind of like pigmies and Kenyans look so similar .  I'll prove to you on a future post how Neandertals developed their traits -- including their bone structures through a nonrandom mechanism . 
Yes
While things like this seem like small pro-life victories
Sounds like a fact which has been blown out of all proportion - possibly by the pro-gun side attempting to ridicule it .  It is a fact
You've made some claims
after reading hundreds of horror stories about these type of incidents it is not hard to see that ATF hasn't changed it's focus and goals any .  Slim doesn't want you nor anyone else to read Enemies Foreign and Domesticby Matthew Bracken who has a website by the same url and you can read excerps . 
Your reasoning is not only infantile
Evolution is basically a naturalisitic way of explaining how everything could come into being without the need for a Creator God . 
And you tq
But it's not a joke about your race .  It's a joke about a limited population of extremist islamic terrorists .  Are those your people ?  I personally see no problem in anyone telling that joke
These last two cases are of course not the norm
i don't know if you read the last part of my post
Here you go .  It's Part 1YouTube -  ( Part 1 )  23 Minutes in Hell by Bill Wiese  ( Reference Version ) It's not too late .  Here's what you should do:4 Steps to God: Jesus 2020That will get you going ! 
I'm curious how the YECs could use this in an argument since the process described could hardly occur in nature . 
Prediction .  in 6 months
it is hard to believe that it won't draw attention away from everyone else .  but everyone will get it and it will draw attention away from the families that are there supporting their kids .  .  . and the fact still remains that your goal is to influence  ( or show )  the administration when it should be to give your child a good time .   when your purpose is to draw attention it is hard to imagine that it wouldn't take it away from the main purpose .  think of it this way .  .  . you have 1 camera at the event .  .  . you hear about this 't-shirt' thing and all of a sudden the camera is not focusing on the kid tripping over himself to roll the egg but to gay parents wearing these t-shirts and them talking about how they are great parents .  my question is .  .  . if you are such great parents why aren't you with your kid instead of talking to the tv camera about your personal message ?  i don't buy it anymore than if someone got a big group together and had t-shirts that said 'i chose life for my child ! ' . 
Anyone and everyone who is fed up with Nancy Pelosi
Don't be silly--no one is voting your family out of existence .  Though it might make a fascinating Criss Angel or David Blane trick .  This is simply about whether or not any group that wants to come along and redefine marriage should get to do so .  I agree it's not an 'academic exercise'
What I have the guts to do is to submit to Gods perfect understanding and not hold the eternal God of time and space to the limited perspective which we have as finite beings .  To claim superior knowledge to a perfect
why the very first part about aussie criminals hitting security agencies like those that guard armored cars etc .  and stealing their guns .  the other part about the gov't weapons finding their way into criminal and enemies of our country and the neighboring countries were thrown in to stimulate your little monkey mind .  can't get around two thoughts at a time eh ?  you keep beating on crime and self-defense in australia .  now this is introducing a third thought so i know it will make you kick up dust : )    the theft and sale of 10 rocket launchers    stolen army weapons up for sale     police gun stolen from car at shopping centre     aussie cop swapped stolen service pistol for surfboards
Cuts off man's hand
But what you don't seem to get is that this will probably happen by default .  It's not a matter of 'potential'
A few Bible studies
Easyrider: Didn't you know - anything more important to you than Christ is your idol . 
Mexico City's homicide rate today is about on par with Los Angeles and is less than a third of that for Washington
No
Two general observations: 1: Must you use the pejorative tea bagger ?  or does the simple mention of the term somehow convey some mystical argument defeating power ? 2: Regardless of how unsavory the means I don't think desperation prompted grave robbing equates to asking for a handout .  Presumably the Pilgrims merely took a page from your playbook
Explain to us how the ones who profit from this scenario are arseholes
“However the Bible does say I create you before I placed you in the womb .  .  . this would imply that God created you before you are even conceived . ”
Terminating a pregnancy is not kill the baby then .  There's no 'baby' to kill . >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> .  . No
Atheism is a belief system not because of the lack of belief in God but because it still contains a belief .  That belief is that of 100% self importance . 
Everyone together now .  .  . STRAW MAN
You will if you ate one of them for diner one day . Sure
I'm not arguing that gun control will change the nature of men- though guns may make them more willing and confident to engage in crime .  With guns criminals can do even more damage .  Adding guns to crime is like adding gasoline to a fire- it makes an already existing problem worse .  If you think that just as many people die from stabbing and beatings in other developed nations as people die from guns in the US then you need to do more research . 
wow .  beautifully put
It was a media circus
What consequences would there be for a mother who didn't want to give the name of the father ?  Would there be any ? 
If it was anybody I was choose adult stem cells .  My whole point is that adult stem cells work and embryonic cells don't . 
Looks like even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
The Newfoundland & Labrador Right to Life Association is a known religious propaganda site .  Wouldn't put it past them to Photoshop those pictures just for 'shock' value emoticonXRolleyes
iangb is in South Africa from Aug 08 to Sep 13 .  Internet connection: dubious . 
A woman died .  At the hands of a gun-wielding killer . 
So far there is no mechanism for an organism to grow wings when it previously had none . 
Fascist wingnuts mocking those with mental health issues .  And they say Murkans don't do irony . 
You're a LIAR
And what a terrible threat those damn socialists have been .  emoticonXRolleyesIt's sad that so many Americans still refuse to see that the greatest threat this country faces is itself . 
I would like to point out that very few moms agive birth and then sit around eating bon-bons .  Raising kids
You're just not getting it .  Either that or you're pretending to not get it .   ( I suspect it's the latter .  )  Dude
Like I said before I would not celebrate the death of any person .  .  . even osama bin laden .  There may be evil men out there but to celebrate the death of an evil man is evil as well .  It goes along the same lines as doing something evil to achieve good still makes you an evil person . 
They are among the ones that give religion its bad name . 
You should use the entire quote rather than cut to attempt to prove what you aare about .  When defending yourself in Australia you must use equal force .  THis means you must use the SAME weapon as the criminal .  So no baseball bat V knife .  Once you locate the same weapon as the armed criminal has you must then use Reasonable force to bring him down .  This means you are NOT allowed to kill him and once he is down you are not allowed to touch him again .  Now if you have 2 criminals both with different weapons you must use the weapon one has on that one then change for the other .  The catch 22 is if he has a gun you are screwed as using any weapon to defend yourself is ILLEGAL .  Comprende ? 
Cybererratus
What if the answer to that was 0 ?  You have begged the question . 
It seems that the creationists are beginning to change there views . evolution can be explained by science but creation relys on myth
i've rarely seen a post that violated so many of the board rules all at one go . 
You accuse liberals of spin ? The first site that listed NK as being a state sponsor of terrorism was given to you in post #31 right after you asked for specific evidence to counter each point
If I didn't have my religion I would probably be a humanist as well .  What gets me is when people asume that people like myself are simple or have been brainwashed .  But the reality is that the accusers are the narrow minded ones who've been textbook  ( old style )  brainwashed . 
How is my poll biased ?  I have a wide range of options .  When logic tells me something different from a poll
If we bankrupt the country
Truthsayer
If God made everyone for heterosexual sex
pusillanimous ||adjectiveshowing a lack of courage or determination; timid . DERIVATIVESpusillanimity |-ləˈnimətē| noun
well then the courts must be insane .  because i'm sure there are some gun control laws that they're struck down due to their ineffectiveness . 
So STEEEEVE;How many lives have you saved
Still
Oh
How many people would be capable of doing that to themselves ? 
And an individual  ( adjective )  cupcake also exists independently from me .  This does not make it an individual  ( noun )  . 
When did the NRA and KKK ever burn a cross together ? 
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God ?  The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute .  Being absolute they transcend space and time .  They are not the properties of the physical universe  ( since they are conceptual )  or of people  ( since people contradict each other
Originally Posted by unkerpauliethe fact is that evil and good exist
Just a thought .  .  .  . Could homosexuality be the divine difference between Mankind and animals ? Hmm .  .  . 
People who own weapons aren't responsible for combating or preventing crime in general .  Gun ownership doesn't commit us to becoming default cops .  What ownership does is allow us to protect ourselves in the event of an armed criminal attack .  So the basis for your articles thesis is fallacious in expecting armed people to somehow become extensions of law enforcement in order to justify being armed . Therefore
Patellar ?  That's the front of the knee
Why don't you try to make George Walker Bush feel a little guilt and trauma for destroying the nation of Iraq
Not really .  eugenics are not following evolution .  Hitler for example didn't follow evolution at all .  His entire aryan race didn't have a single fact of evolution in it . 
i could care less if i shower with a lesbian .  i am sure i have at the gym .  one of my olderst friends is a lesbian and we have seen each other naked many times .  she has never gawked or hit on me .  she knows i am straight .  i have been hit on by women and men i am not interested in .  i say 'thanks
that's right
Hmm  .  .  .  a sheriff who actually enforces the law ?  Imagine .  What I don't understand is why Democrats don't love this guy
South Dakota's governor has signed the bill prohibiting doctors from performing abortions in the state of South Dakota .  Oh happy day !  !  !  The Supreme Court needs the opportunity to reverse its unprincipled decision in Roe . 
the hell is he to say the love between my partner and I of 8 years is weak ?  !  It's stronger than many heterosexual couples . 
You don't make decisions based on emotion . The only connection between morals and emotion I have ever made was that properly a persons emotions should be controlled by their beliefs on morality . 
In the quote which you referenced
So the argument that this is a breach of separation of church and state is pretty weak
Pictures of aborted babies  ( Warning: Graphic content - do not click on the link if you think you might be offended ) :
Wow
Ocean acidity is old news .  .  . 
Why don't we just ASK women who've had abotions .  .  . that's all the proof you need !  I have been reading stories of women who in their own words talked about their abortion experiences .  .  .  . even the ones who claim to be pro choice and still are after the abortion make statements of lingering feeling guilt and regret over having it done as well as nightmares about it .  If it's really no big deal
you're right .  guess i'll turn in now .  .  .  . beings that i've done turned nerd .  .  . 
If you would just stop rambling on as if you know what you're saying Dane
Capitalism is theft
upon review
Hmmm
one needs not be ancient to know more than those around them .  my age is irrelevant to the fact that i simply know more than you can comprehend .  because unlike others i'm observant and actually pay attention . 
And instances where God DOESN'T give any sort of value to even infants that are under a month old has NOTHING to do with God's character in the context of abortion ?  Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigggg ggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhtttt ttttttttttttttttt .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . Get a clue dude . Er
Chip Chip Chip !  That is the sound one hears at the base of the 2nd Amendment .  What happens to one Right our Founders called Inalienable
Easily understood when man created his own god . 
Although you are banging your head against the wall in frustration
Brown's lovely supporters are the antithesis of civilization:Brown supporters trying to suppress vote by bullying - The Boston GlobeI don't know about you
With all that evidence right in front of them
Great
It really does make one wonder though
And I say you're both spiritually-challenged and don't know what you're talking about . Jesus is Lord and all who deny him are antichrists  ( 1 John 2:22 )  . And anybody who's a Trebor-trekkie can't be all there anyway . 
That's not what I said .  You're misrepresenting what I said  ( which is dishonest on your part )  and then basically accusing me of not having honesty in your next sentence  .  .  . Why is it dishonest to want marriage and govt .  separated ?  I've told you my stance--that's what it is .  I think the real problem is that you just enjoy being belligerent and doing things like calling people weasel and dishonest when you yourself misrepresent like you did above .  I have a better idea--drop the sniveling you're-a-weasel playground name-calling antics and start stepping up to the plate and debate the issues .  If you think my stance is not a good one for the country
All they are really pressing for is basically for kids parents to tell their kids AT HOME that god guided evolution without it contrasting directly with what the kids are being taught at school .  Personally
To our fellow Americans on the Left .  Think carefully before you overplay your cards !  But what do I know .  I am just a dumb Hillbilly pickup driving
Gee !  Is that all it takes ?  You mean I could commit fraud
Section .  8 . I just love how Liberals like to twist this to mean that it's the government's responsibility to care for us via food  ( food stamps ) 
You're a misguided individual
I think by now you surely must be realizing that you are wasting your breath--to them it HAS to automatically be true because some scientists think so .   ( As if scientists are never wrong .  )  But let's face it
Yeah a decent looking guy with a big gun .  .  .  .  yes it's a joke lol .  But seriously that gun was such a treat it's so simple to clean
Are you suggesting that abortion is a judgment of God ?  I would agree . 
I never claimed anyone did live inside an embryo . 
It also allows SCOTUS to strike down State laws that violate constitutional rights ; ) 
I see that many of you are busily discussing angels on the head of a pin questions . My view is that no man ought to have any opinion whatsoever on a woman's decision of whether or not to terminate a pregnancy unless and until she asks him . 
Obvious strawman argument .  I wasn't arguing that the Federalist Papers were part of the Constitution .  Hamilton is actually arguing in favor of what Article 1 of the Constitution says about the militia in that quote .  So the quote does not contradict the Constitution . 
Wow
here in america if the majority wants it
Researchers from Knox College find that male college students who held a gun rather than a child's toy for 15 minutes had elevated levels of testosterone and added three times as much hot sauce to a glass of water that another test subject subsequently had to drink . Richard Morin - Perfect 10s and the Odds of a Pink Nursery - washingtonpost . com 'The finger pulls the trigger
There was nothing wrong with my answer .  I did the correction after being insulted
Precisely
good luck .  did you read the news report about bush's former friend who taped him regretting his former days of indulgence ?  what's the difference between age restriction of consuming demon rum and sending 18-year-olds to die spreading democracy ?  christian morality . 
You sign your life away and are no longer a name less face to the feds but you may be able to own one in your state . 
I don't think the rich in any country are comparable to the poor in the US . 
Why do you want to cram it down other people's throats ?  Do you really think it will earn you brownie poins in heaven ?  Can't you followthe word of God without demanding the rest of us do ?  Talk about perversion .  .  .  . get out of my decision to be faithful or not - CREEP . 
Intellignet design seems to have a large following .  The fact that somebody believes in intellient design does not necessarily mean that they disagree with evolution .  A lot of folks  ( I would say the majority )  view it as evolution used as a vehicle for intellient design  ( basically god planned it and made it all happen )  . 
But no link was ever established .  We have been over this over and over again .  I really hate having to beat a dead horse more the once .  Give it a rest… . redundancy erks me . 
I believed and hoped in the possibility . It was Jesus
Atheists are clearly capable of all of these
Even though Florida's McKay voucher program was specifically created for students with disabilities
The poorest part of America is the bible belt . Along with that
He believes also that the genealogy between Adam and Noah allows for an accurate accounting of the years between the two events .  His main point to me was that although we know that the bible doesn't give a complete genealogical record
I do not believe that the point you are raising will make an impact on Easyriders behavior . 
Life at every level -- from humans down to bacteria -- exhibit intelligence and very often cooperation .  Darwinists got it all wrong . 
You're right
In developed nations with stricter gun laws there are less murders . 
I mean  ( retired )  Episcopal Bishop John Shelby Spong
So you can learn why your characterizations of the facts
abortion is the killing of an innocent human being .  and the people who do that will have to answer to god in due time . 
Soccer mom Meleanie Hain was shot to death by her husband
Hence why I stated so .  The problem is that you are a XXXXX who can't understand what people write .  This has been proven numerous times . 
So
Of course lesz
WOW
Ignorance is believing a union between a mad emperor and a castrated catamite equates to a marriage .  Idiocy is persistently claiming it . That makes you and ignorant idiot . Glad to educate youemoticonXGood
Daewoo
Voice of Reason ?  Hmm…He used to be in Military Intelligence hence the debacle in Vietnam .  He probably still thinks that the US won the war . 
All one needs to do is to check the demographic data .  It is there for anyone to see . 
Is that a likely possiblity though ? What is the evidence for it ? 
The problem is that you have wack jobs and zealots on both sides of the issue .  On the one hand
I do take issue with your characterization of me as a cone shaped paper container overflowing with fruits
1 .  The planet is hotter than it's ever been before because we continue to pump CO2 into the air .  Even though our planet is getting warmer
Because it is unjust . That is my ideal .  I don't want anyone to have to suffer injustice
If that's the best you can do
No
What are you suggesting ?  Speak plainly please .  Insults by implication are cowardly . 
I have already seen your site .  I got the link from two other boards . It's pretty dumb . 
Um
We will not be responsible
Hitler was definitely gay . He couldnt have proper sex with a woman . He surrounded himself with big beefy males  . He liked to walk around in leather shorts . Have you seen his speeches .  . they are as camp as you can getHe loved to watch musicals . he had an enormous chip on his shoulder and an inferiority complexHe was gay alright . As for Goering .  .  .  .  . 
This seems to conflict with some of your earlier posts wherein you support terrorists . 
Of course it will have an effect on the gay marriage issue .  It will prevent the people of Mass from voting on the issue and place the final decision in the hands of the Pro Gay Democratic Legislature who is owned and controlled by the Gay Lobby .  It should also be noted that according to the Mass Constitution
abortion is all fine and dandy to you until it comes down to your own life .  .  .  .  obviously because you reacted in such a way .  .  . The point being .  .  .  mental eistence is relative if we take your view . So what youre saying is an embryo that has survived an abortion because they couldnt kill it all the way still has no mental existance ?  ?  i would say that those people are glad to be alive and im sure some of those aborted babies would love to have the chance to breathe the air that you are breathing in vain because you dont think they should live .  . 
I don't see that either of them were protesting .  I would however say that they were both making a statement .  Cindy even makes it clear in her letter that she was making a statement .  Now I certainly think that Cindy should have been simply removed rather than arrested
Normal people can be spiritually fulfilled without any need for a co-dependent relationship with a god . 
 How many different ways can ToE be invalidated ?  In a scientific theory
Those walking sperm will be funding your social security in the future
As for who plays 'word-games'
Do you support the teaching of creationism alongside evolution in public schools ? Yes because it is the flipside to science and everyone deserves the right to choose in what they believe . 
I pretend to nothing .  I am not pretending to beilieve you to be a materialit/darwinist .  I do believe exactly that . 
as for creationism .  .  . I havent decided how i should define it . 
They sneer down at anyone like me who doesn't agree with them .  Instead of debating the facts
The Patriot Act was enforced for a limited duration
'piltdown' bird
When I say freedom I mean especially the bolded definitions .  Most precise is the philosophical definition #17 .  17 .  Philosophy  .  the power to exercise choice and make decisions without constraint from within or without; autonomy; self-determination .  Compare necessity  (  def .  7  )   .  
For a long time they deceived me too… . but after conversing with them day in and day out
I changed My minds and decided to read your link .  Not because it could effect what was said  ( it was pointless to your position )  but because I wanted to see what inferior it was .  I found this :
And how many murderers have got away with it because they lured their victim to their home ?  And how many people have got away with killing someone just for trespassing .  I'm glad I live in a civilised country where the aim is to avoid people getting killed . 
The first reasonable alternative explanation is that it never happened as alleged .  Prove it did
Faux means fake .  In 49 states gay marriage is a fake .  It has no legal standing and is non- binding
Sinjin is quite content to register all firearms as has every dictator in history prior to confiscation .  His compliments to the current system in kalifornia is nothing short of complete advocacy of registration and confiscation of privately owned firearms .  What he doesn't want you to know is the depth of lawlesness and infringement is already in effect and is only working to punish innocent people and has nothing to do with crime control .  .  . it is all about ultimate disarmament and loss of Second Amendment rights .  There is a word for these people
It's hard for me to believe that people in your movement don't know that generally
All of the above I do support people should be allowed to live in any relationship form between consenting adults . 
Ok
Anyone with an iota of common sense knows that he had them
I know it's almost as silly as thinking gay marriage will undermine heterosexual marriage . 
I got 7 out of 10 .  Is that a good thing or a bad thing ?  emoticonXAngel
Think of how dumb and uneducated the average American voter is
Not the best school system there although the Mayor has a nice car I hear emoticonXClown
 .  .  .  . Expelled frequently repeats that design-based explanations  ( not to mention religious ones )  are forbidden by big science .  It never explains why
I agree entirely .  Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison
Make a damn point already .  Posting nonsense like this proves nothing
Nope
I heard just shortly after the official passage that the nutters at the ACLU were already poised to argue that the State Supreme Court reverse the decision for the exact opposite reason they argued to block Pro 22
Spain may realize that true freedom cannot allow denial to a minority merely because of irrational reasons . 
If you had a rational thought on the subject
How about a slap on the wrist and a suspended three day jail term ? 
USA number #1 in another category . But think of the influence the US gains from having foreign governments and corporations owning more of US debt .  Think of the flexibility the US has in regards to budgets with a higher debt load eating more of the budget in service costs .  Think of the huge new markets for US companies in Asia
Uzi Machine Toy GunAmazon . com: Toy Gun and Holster Set for Kids: ClothingHomePlastic Toy Machine Gun - Party Time - 800-822-6332Big Tex Pistol : BF62 - Buy . com
So we should be ok with him making it even worse in a year ? 
What price activist judges ? 
I do not believe it is right
So
In a 78-22 vote
b . s .   you heathens have a short memory for what happened at sodom and gomorrah .  you run around and think god doesn't get involved in these things .  dumb and dumber . 
The fact that someone doesn't do or believe what he is selling doesn't affect the validity of the argument .  There are teachers who don't believe in evolution
You tell me that Job and Jonah are fiction .  I tell you that evolution is fiction .  Maybe we are both right . 
The bible contradicts itself . On more reason why only fools live by it . Grow up and stop hiding behind god you cry baby . 
From National Health Service Greater Glasgow & Clyde Women & Childrens Directorate - Social Gynaecology Patient Information Complications of Termination Psychological effects: a small number of women experience regret or adverse psychological effects .  Few experience any long-term
In the name of all that is evil and unholy  .  .  . Jyoshu - I have never said that the civil rights movement of blacks and gays are identical ! Not once ! 
And you dare point out my shortcomings ?  Please .  You betta proofread your posts before sending them to me
That doesn't make sense .  How can a 13 year old have served in the military for 46 years ? Here's the full post
Erakat pointed to the Israeli-Palestinian interim agreement
And secondly
Also
“Maybe you should read up a little bit about what the Bible says on abortion . ”
Drug traffickers are able to obtain firearms and ammunition more easily in the U . S . 
Oh
Should gun registration be mandatory  ?  http://www . youdebate . com/DEBATES/gun_registration . HTM
and you notice how he just ignores my response to his attack and continues to post off topic drivel reminiscent of penfold and chester .  these people don't come here to debate issues .  all they're here for is to derail debates and insult those they disagree with .  and subaru doesn't even have the class to adopt a name of a good car like lexus or infinity .  kind of say's it all i think .  emoticonxhoho
You were rather ambiguous on that point earlier .  Just out of curiosity
Ahh yes
I am a Christian
The fetus / baby has all the genetic characteristics of a human being from the start .  Only termination of the fetus / baby will stop it from being someone's sister
Gansao
Thats what I thought .  .  .  .  .  no defense for your perverse behavior . 
Anyone who wants to legalize bringing a weapon onto a plane is an idiot . Simply stated .  .  . Always Stay Open Minded
It is not possible for any animal to lay an egg that is somewhat different but somewhat the same .  DNA just doesn't work that way . 
Like I said in #2
 ( BTW
Ron Paul announces possible Republican 2012 presidential bid | World news | The GuardianThis will make me vote republican . I like to think that this time he has a chance .  The same issues he was trying to push last time like the deficit and the fact that the fed is pretty much a bunch of fools seems to have moved to the mainstream . 
Well yes
Yep
'white guilt is the biggest flaw in the american psyche'
Another site that is worth a laugh is the Creation Evedences Museum in Glen Rose
Once you smoke too much  ( which is not much ) 
I have posted this before
Kronus
Our local school district rents out school buses to groups and rents building facilities out for events all the time .  It is smart .  .  .  . they have the resources on hand and it provides a little extra money for the district .  Granted that explanation does not fit your agenda
Why do suppose exaggeration and embellishment or an aversion to facts is necessary for some people who consider themselves pro life or at least anti choice ? 
5 )  Moving on
I think you are forgetting the fact that He was 100% God and 100% man .  I don't understand what you are trying to argue . 
I explicitly told you I was a catholic before 'converting' to objectivism
Even if they did go to jail .  They would most likely get pardons .  Clinton gave pardons Bush can to .  JP do you know what Lay did for Bush and his Dad ? 
How so ?  There are many ways in which students can express themselves
Says the man that believes locking your front door is sufficient to secure weapons inside . 
And secondly
I'm just trying to correct .  sorry if i had offended u . 
Well let's see
From AAHow can people who are so absolutely whacked out
You realized you just bolded a statement saying that science had nothing to do with them accepting evolution  ( a material explaination )  right ?  ROFL
What you guys need to learn is that the soul has a different function than a brain . 
corrected above
S . C .  needs to stop the stupidity The Post and Courier - Charleston SC newspaperBut then this is the state that elected Jim DeMint
Well
The failure to observe even one mutation that adds information is more than just a failure to find support for the theory .  It is evidence against the theory .  Spetner
28Because he considereth
I don't come here to debate
Well
I suppose they are really asking for the minimum age of consentual age to be lowered/removed .  I would disagree that it should be removed completely
We're all quite impressed with your knowledge of third grade insults
I did not say that atheists were not caring people .  I was just trying to show  .  .  .  .  .  .  Atheists constantly mock
US: August 18
Wasn't there some genius that wanted firearms locked up as a manditory model posting here ?  Gee if they can steal from the police station what punishment can we mete out for us unwashed working slobs for not locking up and reporting stolen firearms ?  Got them into Chicago even with its strict gun laws .  Wonder if they complied with the IL gun laws ?  Yea right . emoticonXAgreeemoticonXBounceremoticonXEmbarrassed
Okay
Well it wasn't very effective
Just to show how the Conservative mind works here .  Nit picking at every little thing like is going to make a different .  I think it's funny about this subject .  What in the heck does it have to do with the Whitehouse  ?  Not a darn thing Haaaa .  Is it going to effect the way that the country is going to be runned ?  No I just get a kick out of all the whining here this is funner than TV . Tax returns for crying out loud what a bunch of nosy busy body's .  GET A LIFE !  !  !  !  !  !  emoticonXAgree emoticonXAgree emoticonXAgree emoticonXAgree emoticonXGood
I'm not paying a lot of attention to the race down there
What ?  Women are being forced into having sex ? 
I defer to your greater personal knowledge of the depths of ignorance . 
Just got in to work in Westminster
So you can tell me the athletes that were brought into the school to specificially play sports are going to abide by all the rules as well as the students that attend the school at their free will also
What  .   .   .  You hope he'll have to take blood pressure medication ?  emoticonXDonnoWhy don't you just come right out and say what you want to say
i used to think the answer to this was bin laden
Jesus was such a Great liar of the world  ! 
Why not ?  Why would you doubt me ?  Unfortunately for your express denial of the materialist metaphysic as the philosophical view that informs the opinions you are trying to promote
Gnojek
If the Irish people hadn't kept their arms and kicked you tyrannical control freaks out of their country
The healthare bil accomplishes the following:* If you lose your job you will not lose your insurance
But one idea that makes me hesistate to be pro-choice is an analogy .  Imagine a hunter who sees something moving behind a bush .  It could be a deer
Your speculation is noted
Sorry
You really need to read the posts before embarrassing yourself asking ridiculous questions .  The ignorance that child contributes here is enough for any 5 forums
the closest old sarge got to see action was as an extra in the block buster : We were never soldiers starring Dick and Dubya emoticonXSmilie
and here is what you get when the government gets a hold of it .  premature baby 'left to die' by doctors after mother gives birth just two days before 22-week care limit | mail online
so
Personally
Even George Gaylord Simpson
Want to bet how fast a creationist here is going to try change the subject ? 
So what ?  He made a statement on guns clearly and was well killed by one in the end .  .  . 
Have you forgotten to take your meds today  ?  Because your chemical imbalance is evident . Is this necessary ?  Is it within the rules ?  Should I report you to the moderators ? 
Easyrider: No
In other words .  . live life for today because you are a long time dead .  . or some other saying that you mind find in a Christmas cracker . The Chinese were bloody long windedemoticonXDonno
You would probably get much more out of it if you posted a question here
er
I saw the same thing amongst the Jehovah's Witnesses .  They even encouraged it .  Get
Are you for or against a ban on smoking in public places ? 
Jesus had a lot of uncomfortable things to say to the rich and powerful . 
Is their freedom a result of the beneficence of Kim Jong-Il
Mayabe they were wise
I believe I am a man of high principles and moral values
Nope
They're sputtering with rage because they can't drive you out of here .  They don't believe in freedom of speech .  I admire your staying power .  emoticonXGood
Once again
Unfortunately
Biochemical reactions .  Nothing more .  A chemical reaction in response to an environmental change in condition is not a 'mind' . 
Wow - Spetner
Putting a minority's rights to a majority vote
so you'd rather have a god that doesn't have any standards whatsoever on sex and relationships
Well technically the museum takes the position that dinosaurs survived into the medieval period  ( Dragons )  Pangea never existed and the world never had periods of glaciation . 
I am surprised  ( well not really )  that you don't see the simularity . And
 .  .  . there won't be a 66 I know that : ) 
I see no way the federal government can force states to marry gays . 
so are saying you believe the democrats shouldn't be milking this ?  do you think it does gays a disservice ?  the fact that the author asserts the dems using this does gay people a disservice makes it on-topic
The NY Times has a fairly good bio for Judge Roberts . quote in particular struck me:In his confirmation testimony two years ago
Dawkins is probably in Hell right now wishing he wasn't so dumb in rejecting Christ's salvation . 
Grow up .  .  . This is not about sex - far from it .  .  .  geeesh .  .  . 
You're the one arguing you worked for free
One of your old buddies told me your moniker in other forums
A society functions better not on cocaine : ) 
To the point of my previous post .  .  . This round-table discussion  ( with clips )  is from today's Hardball with Chris Matthews:Hardball with Chris Matthews
Get a clue
How is following the 10 commandments an interpretation of Christianity or scriptures . Don't murder
Or do you think every word that you manage to type is somehow the definition of reality ? 
Civil rights have nothing to do with the religion .  If they were based on what the Bible allowed
I see a vast opportunity
mizmax
 ? Don ? t Re-Nig ?  purveyor Paula Smith says bumper sticker isn ? t racist | The Sideshow - Yahoo !  NewsI wonder if she is a Republican ? I put this in the religion forum because I am pretty sure she is a Christian too . 
A similar question might be if you are here
You did not ask for a quote which says we should ban guns and you posed the question TO anti-gunners you did not ask for anti-gun comments . 
Well
No .  You can take it as the fact that we do not have proof . The UN has also said that Zionism  Racism .  Does everyone accept that ? 
Hi it's me wrote:Dr .  Phillip Johnson has been called 'our age's clearest thinker on evolution' and the 'principal lay critic of Darwinism . ' He is the author of Darwin on Trial
Actually it is .  You keep arguing that everyone who disagrees with you is an atheist
In Genesis
And where does the macroevolution feature in that combination ? 
the hell is he to say the love between my partner and I of 8 years is weak ?  !  It's stronger than many heterosexual couples . 
Majority backs gay marriage
Averages tend not to mean much when 14 kids are laying dead in a school . 
Apparently gay marriage is more threatening than unmarried gay couples are .  The point about legalizing gay households is certainly puzzling unless one contends that cohabitation is illegal  ( which it isn't )  .  But just in case I'm wrong
Old Allah must be schizophrenic in real life then not to know Jesus is divine and the only way of salvation  ( John 14:6
Hooray it is about time .  Got to slap dem Christians down . 
Isn't there some evidence that shows that the early Church was communist ( notice the small c )  in nature  ?  Where every member of the church shared a collective ownership of their possessions . 
Anyone who suggests abortion is a dispute between the rights of a woman and a fetus is trying to mislead you or is negligent about the nature of abortion rights .  This isn't a dispute between woman vrs fetus but instead an issue between a woman's right to abortion and the interests of a small yet powerful vocal minority who believe they can project their views upon the majority .  Rights are not simply just passed out but are based upon interest…something the Supreme Court based their conclusion during Roe v Wade .  In the many years that have supported abortion rights I have never found a single pro-lifer who could prove
Yep I did say that and you don't know why ?  If you can repeal the BOR
What about a firearm junkie ? 
I am stating an Opinion based on my observation and the things I have read coming out of YOUR keyboard .  If I see a black kettle I call it a black kettle .  .  . 
People have been trying for centuries .  It's hard to diss the truth .  Jesus is Lord ! 
Every couple who wishes to be married should apply for a marriage liscence tomorrow
they both were guilty of the very thing that you love to post about simone .  however kennedy .  . being the terrorist loving
what ?  because it's a swear word .   we gave you 'f*ck' too
It doesn't really connect to your comment
I voted No
 ( I felt the holy spirit  .  .  take your lithum kid )  .  .   ) 
No
I've lost track of what we're arguing about here . Are we arguing about Alexander or James I ? Are we arguing about whether they were bisexual or homosexual
Ok
I agree with this but you have to remember what works in one place may not work in another and visa versa . 
That's not the issue . This is the nuts and guts of the issue:McChrystal's Pat Tillman ConnectionDo you get it ? The chickenhawk lies ? The cover up ? This XXXX dishonored the memory and heroism of Pat Tillman . 
An example of this would be an airplane for the most part .  The laws are strictly enforce although they can still be beaten .  However instances of this actually occurring in a way that puts people in danger are few and far between .  So yes it can work but it takes incredible measures to make it work . 
How much you want to bet he isn't even American ?  How many of us do you know who type in broken English ? 
People could have been created accidentally by the magical tree of wisdom as well
You all are missing the point that the morning after pill is abortion  ( or rather could be )  .  It can still kill a human life on purpose . 
I respect the 2A and would hesitate to do away with any of the things our founders put in place as most have exhibited a timeless quality difficult to argue with .  And no I'm not related to the next President .  Wish I was though .  I bet he will have the mad hookup for NBA Finals tickets . 
Hey
Through the media's support of the presuppositions taught in high schools and under graduate institutions people all to often espouse their expertise in their knowledge of the certainty of evolutionary “theory” which is most always overwhelmingly lacking and incorrect . 
I don't know
You mean to tell me that you would deny a woman's right to her own body for a zygote
Newsweek screwed up .  Newsweek should be punished by the World Court for inciting riots and causing deaths with a fraudulent story . 
The Mumbai massacre was an attack by Pakistani terrorists .  If a country can't keep terrorists armed with machine guns and bombs from crossing its borders then you can't expect gun control to help in such situations .  There might be even more such attacks in the US if the US shared a border with Pakistan . 
 .  .  . so where does cancer come from ?  Isn't that 'cells producing something other than what they are' ? 
Voting isn't a third way
My thoughts exactly .  Can minors buy plane
only if you stop doing the same in every other thread .  Oh wait
Yes
The 1967 act  .  .  . allows termination of a pregnancy at any time if there is a significant risk of the baby being born seriously disabled . It doesn't specify what seriously disabled is: it's it left to the discretion of the doctor . 
You're missing the bigger picture .  I don't see the conflict
Only until the GOP gets its act together or a true Conservative Party can replace it .  The idea is that Conservatism works every time it is properly implemented .  You have to remember that whenever Liberals have a long term stranglehold  ( re .  New York State ) 
Hmm .  .  .  . some opposition to the petition .  .  . More left wing ideology at work . 
The Gun Control Act of 1968
Everything you say here is absolute horse dung where reality is concerned .  Especially since I
I don't believe it is a part of God's plan .  I don't have a denomination
I believe you said this a few days ago . Today it was revealed that the man the British police shot and killed on the subway because he did not stop as requested was a Brazilian who had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks in London . Spoke too soon  ?   .  .  .  . this is what comes of having a smug european superiority attitude about the americans .  If the British are doing this
Why ?  Because police cars attached to the Washington MPD's Civil Disturbance Unit had escorted the SEIU protesters' buses to Baer's home .  Such cross-jurisdictional escort activity is not uncommon for both departments according to Friz and Metro Police Department spokesperson Officer Eric Frost .  Still
Perhaps if they did allow priests to marry
The morning after pill has the potential to destroy that unique post-conception human entity .  Regardless of whether it's right or wrong in somebody's eyes does not change the truth written above . 
Generally creationists follow an ideology which forbids questioning of beliefs
No church has to marry any couple if they do not wish to do so . 
WHAT ?  ?  WHO'S OUT TO GET ME ?  ?   ( Twilight Zone music playing in background )  :p
Err
Ah
it's a part of doing that with marriage though .  it's a way of changing marriage .   it basically is abolishing it in a cultural sense
for everyone's information
If I cannot question and receive specifics I do not consider it a fact .  You can read all the books
Cold
You know
What in the Hell does evolution have to do with people doing bad things ?  I am a believer in creation by God and have never heard such drivel .  BOY-HOWDY !  !  !  emoticonXWow
Well
I would assume the mother should .  .  . what is your point ? 
'Course
The anus is used to eject waste
Not to be picky but Beck is not a news anchor nor has he ever been .  The same goes for Tingles and Oberdork . 
He took it right in the shorts with his Dawkins claims .  Hilarious .  But then he's been taking it in the shorts every time he posts his nonsense . 
Yeah your right
yes
hinata: Hee
As do you . 
Here are some questions that are not derailers
Any religion
I think I should move to another country .  Are you serious ?  That's .  .  .  funny
They would say that you weren't a real Christian as well .  That all it takes is to believe
you'll pardon me
Uh
If Obama had his way
Re: transubstantiationSpock is an imaginary character who inhabits an imaginary world .  Quite an apppropriate analogy . 
I just want to thank the Forum participants for making my Saturday quite nice .  I am stuck by myself still recovering from Gall Bladder surgery and my wife is gone for a few days having to attend her fathers funeral .  So today was made much more tolerable to me by this forum .  The posts and debates were particualary interesting today and yesterday . Thanks all . 
I think it should be legalized for medical use only  ( reducing the pain
Other than what the Bible says
I've got no problem with it .  Geez
Don't you get it Bassman ?  lyteboy can raise any issue he likes
the movement of charged particles is not matter .  matter moves .  the movement itself is not matter
amos
Soooo
Well sure
So you respond with yet another fundie website .  While it is technically correct that Kinsey thought there were only a small number of completely homosexual people
I don't now
Correct .  He would also break the speed limit
Not true . 
Your pretty slow aren't you
Now if I could just convince you to vote for Bush .  .  .  . 
Well now my gay and liberal friends have resorted to Pope bashing .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . so very sad .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
As if 'broadening' something can't possibly dilute it . I'm just sure a glass of Napa Valley Merlot would taste better if we broaden it by pouring in a half-glass of Chardonnay .  Wine is wine
On the contrary
because it is not so much the capitalist theory that is the problem as it is our implementation of it . 
No
Yeppers
The Missoula lakes megafloods would pale by comparison . 
my god !  you're right !  the vietnam war ended in 1975 .  but president obama was born in 1961 and he was 14 in 1975 . 
Then you have a most achievable aim .  Give all your possessions to charity and go live in a dumpster . 
People are not allowed to smoke in most restaurants now .  : ) 
What I would like to see is a rather antiquated method of community .  Have all the destroyed housing areas razed and bulldozed to level
Thank goodness we have you to fix our problems for us .  Maybe we should write a catechism and burn people who disagree with us .  Then will we qualify as a religion worthy of your oh-so-valuable esteem ? 
What is the problem here ?  Guns or crooks stealing guns ?  They steal from all of society including LEOs
Nice try
Creation scientists read the sedimentary record of the placement of Strata as evidence of the Great Flood while evo scientists read the same evidence very differently
So does this mean they have to get tougher on gun control or softer before the results go their way ?  That is the real question .  My guess is that we are caught in the unhappy medium where going in either direction will be more successful than where we are now . 
But at no time has anyone offered any actual evidence to prove anything I have said wrong .  .  . 
man
Like juveniles
The reason we make maps of the universe on the scale of billions of light years is that the scientific method has led us to that tentative but evidentially robust conclusion .  I mean
I have believed that God created everything 'in the beginning' for as long as I can remember .  There was a time in my life where I believed that God created evolution
Robert Naeye
It is called being diplomatic .  I hope you don't find out why I have to choose my words with such care .  The spanish inquistion used to shove a towel all the way down peoples throats wet it so it woud expand and then pull it out .  They certainly tortured people at the drop of a hat however maybe they were not that upset by the heliocentric model specifically maybe it was because some people supporting the heliocentric model claimed the concept of life elsewhere . 
Don't quit your day job . 
The procedure is neither in the public interest nor that of the patient's .  It's legal coercion inspired by religion .  When my son was born I was required to listen to a 15 minute lecture on why circumcision was now a bad thing before I could have my son cut .  I found it offensive since the lecture had nothing to do with medicine . 
Your probably right about locking your doors
You have claimed god is real
Half the 120 mosques in Fallujah were destroyed by US air strikes and tank main battery fire . 
Doesn't matter
Well
I'm sure you're right
Crick is both a Nobel Prize winner and an evolutionary biologist . 
Dont forget my daughter .  .  . they had a video of naked men behind the bar too . We all thought it was funny . Some homosexuals seem quite nice .  .  . not grizzled old queens like some: ) 
I am book-marking this to remind Archie on necessary future occasions .  .  . 
we need more pro gun control advocates on this forum
Or someone who was wrongfully accused doesn't get a chance to get out .   ( Like the Rosembaums in the 50's for one example .  ) 
Ok ?  There has also been a breakout in my high school locker room .  What is your point ? 
There is nothing at all absurd about this take .  The Gay agenda has been to normalize homosexuality and what better way to do it than to indoctrinate the young and desensitize them to the negatives of the lifestyle while they're still impressionable .  That way they know that within 20 years they will have normalized this abnormal lifestyle . 
Yeah
Now you've gone and done it .  .  . done it .  .  . done it .  You're you're repeating repeating yourself yourself again again .  .  .  .  . and again
Yes they are .  .  .  the fact that most if not all graduated college and excelled in the cut throat journalism field is all a misnomer .  Fact is they got the job because they're blonde and are dumb enough to repeat the right wing talking points .  .  . right ?  emoticonXFrazzled
My two cents
Actually that's not what he said
Did you read your own post ?  Perhaps you should admit to being mentally ill because at least that's not your own fault .  This is just creepy . 
1 .  Exactly so
If you are trying to hurt my feelings you are gonna have to do something besides insult democrats . 
I think he examined her record and the information by which some other doctor pronounced her PVS
Is cognitive dissonance a sin ? And
I would have to say that whoever told you about 'macro-evoution' from a science perspective obviously did not explain things properly .  It sounds like your 'science advice' was either misunderstood or the advice was 'stacked' . 
You should go back and learn the truth about the Crusades ! * Crusade Myths THOMAS F .  MADDEN What is the real story of the Crusades ?  As you might imagine
Kronus: First guess: photoshopSecond guess: model  ( plaster
but it's hard to tell which he's trying to do when you can't tell the difference between brilliance and BS . 
It is difficult
Where are the WMD's  ? Where was the tie to Al qaeda  ? Why has the motivation for the loss of over 1600 young people become  Bringing Democracy to Iraq  ? 
Among other things
Once a person's dead they're dead .  It's nice
PZ just happened to write a post on his blog today about the interpretation argument creationists have been peddling a lot lately
If they were of no concern to you you would not reply to them .  The fact you do reply to them and in doing so deny them amuses me greatly . 
That is between them and God .  They have not done so
I am a dirty little democratic liberal for those that care . 
Are you arguing with me ? How dare you come to my thread and spout off .  How inconsiderate .  Do you know who you're talking to ?  Have you no propriety ?  If you need to be reminded
Creationists claim that if we teach our children that they are descended from animals
When has anyone but a rightist extremist or a dittohead claimed messiahhood for Obama ?  emoticonXRolleyes
I have been in several 3rd world countries
They obviously didn't help us at all .  They've recived billions of dollars by selling weapons to Iraq
Apparently you've never heard of Messianic rabbis who don't buy into basic Judaism . 
I agree wiht you for the most part .  however Jews ahve not suffered very much in terms of minorities like other minorities .  I do think that popelpe should take advantage of the opportunities instead of just asking for more . That still doesn't change the fact that minorities are disadvantaged due to the government's actions and negligence . 
Why don't you try reading what others post then slow down and think about what they said and WHO actually said it
What is shown very clearly from all of these scientific interpretation of the same evidence is that there are two ways to interpret it . 
ask yourself this smiley
what I am talking about is not a death penalty trial as we have today
Anyone who looks at this situation logically should realize that at sometime in the past there must have been a time when there was less genetic damage in the genome .  – and thus
No kidding sherlock .  When did I compare any animal to fixed wing aircraft  ?  It was child who made the comparison . 
This from the guy who let's Cheney run the government .  I truly wonder what will happen if his ticker gives out .  He can't even stand for any length of time - always needs a stool . 
ending a life that would grow into a toddler
600 ?  Oh really ?  Looks like the following scriptures are vague enough that they could apply to anything and nothing at the same time .  Making vague enough comments can easily look prophetic .  The fact that there aren't specifics is a key failure in your argument .  If the bible was truly prophetic and scientifically accurate
To be honest
The topic did not change .  The topic was the reasons for the French no vote which certain posters originally claimed was a vote against Chirac
I thought the US government mostly engaged in killing young black men  ( or rather middle aged black men once the appeals process is over ) 
Well
Also
Wait !  I just had a brainstorm that no one in the history of history has surely never had before .  What if
You really don't know how this makes you sound ?  If you get pregnant
As a matter of fact
Becarefull you are violating several laws including the presidents beloved patriot act .  You know they arrested a teenaged boy
No more funding of these stupid wars off the books . Start paying for them up front just like we're supposed to do for health care for Americans . A surtax on the rich who are benefiting from profiteering on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . No surtax ?  No surge . An evilly unfair burden has been put on American's soldiers and their families
Omg I seriously just sat here and laughed for like 5 minutes .  .  .  That's so wrong JP .  . 
I simply am stating that the theory of evolution is as much of a religion as the theory of creation . 
Virus have no internal chemistry
Her point is what is MORE CRUEL
Racial problems exsist enearly everywhere
Sexual inuendo: yet another symptom of your sexual perversion as you interpret even spiritual analogies to sex . 
I don't know the history but that's a gut full of vitrol there Doc .  What has this to do with my mental age ? 
And this was important for you to point out in capitals because .  .  .  .  .  .  ? 
But but Big Bird !  !  !  Mr Rodgers all lies ?  ?  What about the red trolley ?  Damn you PBS !  !  !  !  !  emoticonXMad
so if women choose to abort for reasons of: a )  poverty b )  career c )  religion d )  family pressure they are not freely choosing abortion ?  i'm convinced there's more air filling your head with every post you make .  if i didn't know you
My God !  Archy isn't even aware of the centuries of quibbling and waffling and just-so answers that have gone on among theologians about the problem of evil .  It seems that he has never read Augustine
actually we are still in the time after his resurrection .  so he can still come . 
at least not the kind you chance-worshiping evolutionists want . 
It was an incredibly progressive country under saddam .  Women voted
The only reason the legislators are bringing this up is to force gay people to live by their christianist religion .  They are trying to cram their religion down our throats . 
So VT I take by your failure to reply to this question directed at you several times that you admit your claim of PP as engaging in acts of Genocide was wrong ? 
money  .  .  .  .  Why do you think Congress is so reluctant to pass ethics bills ? 
1d .  A union between two persons having the customary but usually not the legal force of marriage: a same-sex marriage . 
Nixon
That's an interesting insight .  ( I'm going to have to borrow that story .  .  .  :p I can't help but wonder for some people if the reason they mature on the issue of heterosexual sex has to do more with the fact that they start wanting to do it themselves . A desire to partake in the action
Problem is that the right to marry is not a clear constitutional right .  It is a right that has been interpreted by Courts on an illegitimate legal theory known as substantive due process . 
I wonder if atheists are as snoopy and intrusive as Christians that they would go around looking at bumper stickers . I'm an atheist and I find the idea absurd . 
It seems King Blue is the stereotype that pro-choice folks think of when they see a pro-life person .  Sadly these exisits but shouldn't reduce the message .  .  . hopefully
Agreed
Well there is bias on both sides of the issue .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . I did look at the film from about 3 different sites and I don't think you can deny that baby is trying to avoid those forceps that want to take its life .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
I know what I'm talking about . 
If he had signed a petition calling on the government do disband and criminalize the GOP
The Attorney General
Well
By all means
To develop or teach one would take many years of effort .  To have one you only need to absorb it from the general culture . 
I live in a place where local evening news includes a story about children being shot or killed at least weekly . 
Yes it can
You're wasting your time Phyllis
Naturally
Then you retract your statement that Bush is better because he has more experience ? 
 .  .  .  I'm here to tell Him that Jesus doesn't exist .  So no
I just read an article in Discovery magazine about smashing two protons together
That's exactly it .  It's not as though we can effortlessly rebuttle every single one of your posts as we've done in the past .  It's not as though we're tired of your absence when it's your turn to defend your position .  Oh no
I was and am fine actually .  Don't know about anyone else
Most people with divine experiences are schizophrenics .  The rest are looking to get attention .  People are fallible
Catholics have a different belief .  The goal is to always save both mother and child .  If the fetus dies during the attempt to save both
Nurglitch;They are losing on this poll
Why don't you tell us all who that person in Daniel 7:13-14 is
Its amazing how the facts are in front of thier faces yet they still claim they are only for Reasonable gin control laws . 
Finally
do they ever
To refute your examples of contemorary 'Christians' deciding that violence is a good thing . See
I have accurately defined what animism is above in comparison to the Old and New Testament which it has nothing in common with . 
You're not even in the same hemisphere . 
let's look at black's law dictionary shall we .  intent: 'design
boys can urinate standing up .  can girls do that ?  i think not . 
meh .  .  .  .  i guess it depends on relativity .  .  .  some guys have a different girl everyday .  .  so compared to them i'm mediocre .  .  .  some guys have a different girl yearly .  .  .  so compared to them i'm a playa .  i'm in the middle .  .  .  different girl every month .  you make your choice .  p . s .  no i am not single for any dates before you ask . 
umm .  .  .  i think the infringement of gay rights is kinda what we're discussing here
let's just cut to the chase on your spurious claim .  when was the xivth amendment passed .  ?  here is the enforcement provisions of the act of 1964: https://en . wikipedia . org/wiki/civil_rights_act_of_1964 heller ruled that the 2a was about more than 'discrimination on gun laws' in that as long as the 'discrimination was equal it would be legal according to the plaintiffs and muncipalities' .  that was ruled out and dismissed by scotus .  you are building a strawman trying to imply i said your words .  you are a poor liar .  ad absurdum ! 
lets see .  .  . rise of christians and the overthrow of pagan rome .  rise of protestants against the pope people power 1 & 2 just the first three that came into mind .  but overall
this is grat news .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . so much for the gloom and doomers .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i think you will continue to see prices fall and the price of gasoline will stabalize at about $1 . 85 a gallon .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  the reason why gasoline is so expensive in other countries
you and your penis metaphors .  feeling emasculated
so let me get this straight
do you think your evading the questions that get to the root of your denials is actually helpful to your side of the debate ?   why are you trying so hard to deny the fact that conception originates a new organism ?  that conception is the beginning of that new organism's life and physical existence ?  that conception is in that respect
at the risk of sounding like a hippie
superior ?  intellectual superiority over others ?  true freedom ?  people like you ?  how does today's technology make you better then us ?   beside .   .   .   .  i read once
single payer would give you a lot less government .  though border control certainly takes more .  still
that just proves you can use the search function in youtube .  it does not prove you understand anything any of it means .  i'll watch them and let you know what i think . 
say the man who spells 'buffoon' with an 'a' .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . open mouth
well .  .  .  i guess no one can call you a rino . 
lets back up a moment here
you do realize it was the catholic church which adopted the idea of pagan marriage and then changed its definition to suit its needs ?   not to mention that it was the catholic church who again changed the definition of marriage from man and property to man and wife ?   either you're lying or you are just flaming ignorant .  besides your rational is based upon your own inherent irrational thoughts and tradition .  that sort of reasoning as a basis for legislation ends up with governments like iran . 
that's one of the grossest thing i've ever seen .  looks like something a chicken puked . 
actually
currently
dude
i think she was being sarcastic :p how did you figure that out ?  :p well assuming 'this thing' is the philosophy of objectivism
sadly all the marketing around it is pointed on children whom simply aren't capable of deciding if they want to became addicted and die because of it or not .  you obviously must have never seen a smoking commercial or public signs .  you must not have a large brain either if you think that it doesnt affect the kids by even a smudge .   what they see is a 'cowboy' with revolver in one hand a cigarette in other .  .  .  .  and that is the primary source of smokers .  oh really ?  where might i see this cowboy ?  might i have some evidence to support your appalling claims ? 
why
totally
i would not be concerned considering the source - newsmax is a notoriously right-wing site that is hardly considered a reliable source . they are about as reliable as the john mccain campaign or fox news ( hee hee )  .  newsmax has a list of false claims .  and quite personally
howard dean says kill the bill .  a great ed show interview with arianna huffington viewable at this huffpost link .   also an interesting exchange afterwards with joan walsh and brad blakeman .  as ed says to joan -- the key question she never answers while disagreeing with dean -- is when did the republicans ever need 60 votes under george bush ?  it's a shame
money is only the root of all evil .  actually god is
ps the earth is neither flat nor round lol wtf ?  the earth isnt round ?  ?  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  !  ?  !  !  !  !  ?  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !   i was right .  you suffer from fuckedintheheaditis !  !  inconclusive riddles ?  ?  ?  lmaooooooooooooooooooooo retard .  more like bullshit .  i try and hide my racial biases ?  ?  good god .  i should use you as an example of humans with shitty lives .  instead of 'think of those poor africans' it should be 'think of dacey - the stupid
the only philosophical cowards around here are trolls like you and your lapdog samiinh here who's desecrating the name of honest abe by stealing his handle . 
that is not for us to say .  gods grace extends to everyone
you're on .  let's wait and see what it says .  it should be hilarious to see the extent of how far he's managed to delude himself . 
sympathetic jurors do not make decisions based on facts .  there is no need for you all  ( y'all )  to feel as i do .  god forbid we should all think alike .  i'm just getting feedback .  .  . seeing who really has balls and who doesn't
but they single out polygamists .  this is a very disingenuous rebuttal of yours to steeeeve's point .  it's like saying that we should just leave sodomy laws in place or state marriage amendments because the laws apply equally no matter what the race or creed of the gay people involved .  obviously you're either completely missing steeeeve's point in using polygamists to analogize the issues here or intentionally avoiding it . 
wow .  talk about mental problems in a can .  .  .  not the issue .  you claimed my signature isn't valid and proves nothing .  therefore you must disagree with it .  therefore if you disagree with it
while china has more troops
you probably can't figure it out becuase your brain is not following a logical thought pattern .  we are discussing sexism here and not why someone's husband did this or that .  please try to stay on topic .  : ) -
as i said above
ask anastasia about angelina .  she spent time retouching nude photos of her .  for work of course
shes pro- gun whats your point ?  i saw it on fox news .  i don't have any' bro's . ' that are lunatics
forget tictaalik
s/he's a drama queen guys .  s/he's eating up the attention .  now grind on the organ and watch the monkey dance some more .  ; ) 
that'll be the day .  how do you propose to educate an atheist when you can't even spell 'atheist' .  it's atheist
here you go again .  you are sick .  sick
too late not a virgin anymore but that does not make me a dirty person .  if anyone wants to stay a virgin they can make that happen but what does cleanliness have to do with it .  i prefer to date someone and if 'it' happens it happens
so
i don't think that killing people as a form of punishment is setting a very good example to the rest of the world - if the public start to see authorities giving people death penalties
no no !  through the power of god
if they're just hanging around amongst the minions
no
go ahead
archangel just does not want gay people to get married because he is mean .  he has his marriage and does not want us to be happy . 
it is the wind it is the wind  it is the wind why is there a 50 character limit ?  it is a waste of time . 
i'll bet you're just a barrel of laughs to work with .  the grinch who stole halloween
i didn't say man did anything to make the glaciers retreat .  again with your strawman arguments ?  glaciers have been advancing and retreating for far longer than man or any early prototype of man has been around .   so i will ask yet again .  .  . do you have a point ? 
geez
about the rubber ?  you mean the 'rubber' the kind you use to  .  .  .  emoticonxangel rubber 1  ( rbr )  n .  1 slang a condom .  2 .  one that rubs
Could this be the beginning of Cold War II
here in san francisco
please do not try to win  ( win their souls for god )  the atheists .  the bible says 'the fool has said in his heart
18 fun challenges for evolutionistsCarl Sagan
grow up .  .  .  this is not about sex - far from it .  .  .  geeesh .  .  . 
you said that re: the trojan war .  you asked
so you don't consider a woman's right to vote a civil right ?  ?  ?  interesting .  emoticonxwow  the civil rights act of 1964 and the amendments were the most relevant and influential elements in civil rights--it seems the trend these days in your movement is to not use acts and amendments but instead to use the courts as a means to an end to avoid using an act or amendment .  probably because you know you have a snowball's chance in hell of getting one . 
i am not trying to be rude
the individual's right to control her own body
you mean 8 months before 9-11 baby ?  do you think slick willie knew about any thing beside tail ?  online rumor mill spins its own myth ( snopes . com's leftwing bias undercuts its credibility )  who else here is aware that snopes is a liberal left website ?  - yahoo !  answers snopes . com left wing authority - toyota tundra forums : tundra solutions forum do you find the fact-checking site snopes . com to be biased ?  | buzzdash ruthless roundup: snopes lies in defense of snopes a modest construct snopes' liberal political agenda ~ notoriously conservative
the bible is a fable .  that final book is a horrorshow of the mentally unhinged .  hey
capital punishment is hypocritical no matter what the state of the accused is determined . 
seems as i recall
some people just need killin' .  really
not yet
i think yes !  very important to show that any violence will be punished .  it will create full sense of the force of law .  on the other hand people will understand that they must take care about animals .  and it may be impetus that will make less stray animals . 
after reading what you wrote 0 people were convinced that the original quote wasn't funny . 
there have certainly been many times since life appeared on earth that the 'habitability' of the planet has been less than now .  i would differentiate between 'natural' events and man's efforts . 
well its not .  .  . aren't you more concerned about those people that have a abortions after unprotected sex ?  no i'm not .  to me it doesn't matter how the fetus got there
no
when i don't address it .   every false religion is a cult and therefore your's is a cult . 
is the bible fiction or a historical text with accurate accounts of the time periods being written about ?  hahahahahahahahahahhahahahaahahahahahahahahah
most of his links were in reference to another question .  that's partially my doing as i introduced the kerry attack in the wrong thread .  i don't like to hijack threads .  i'm just addicted to hating kerry because he was pro-communist in the early '70s .  maybe he can be appointed ambassador to north vietnam after he loses this election !  you dislike my techniques because i point out your propensity to confuse and digress when you try to argue .  you come up with more unrelated **** than anyone else on this board .  your sense of logic is blinded by your delusions of adequacy .  i put little credence in anything you say . 
nice work; i think that the reason those kids who own guns are more likely to get into trouble is a result of a specific political outlook that they are raised under which has an influence on their thinking . 
'what is missing from public consciousness is that the rulings of the courts starting with parker in 2007 are devastating defeats for the gun rights core doctrine that the purpose of those gun in private hands
evolution is taken as a scientific theory taken as fact based upon a preponderance of factual evidence .   creationism is a theory that is taken as fact without any actual factual basis .  also
you may not believe it but morals wise this country is going to hell in a handbasket
i am leaving the job to those more qualified .  i'm weighing the yes-votes against the no-votes
not that i have the time to research this  ( it's fairly obvious anyway )  the blue states tend to send the sleaziest bastards to washington .  that's a fact .  you can count the red scum and the blue scum .  you'll find the blue scum returned to washington by their constituency while the red scum is continually kicked out of office .  i'd rather be a dead republican than a democrat . 
not forever .  we just don't know when he'll return .  when christ comes down on earth  ( the rapture ) 
if it is bs as you say
the king james version
care to explain where this fiction came from ?  i didn't think so . 
who is this 'us' you speak of ?  you got a pet in your pocket ?  your buddy gaonosa who assured us you weren't a bb has abandoned you it appears .  perhaps he saw you as the lost cause you appear to be ?  when the whole world appears to be nuts
well this is nice to come back to- jc making serious debate .  on top of that
no
given the following:  -there is no evidence for the existence of god .  -there is no evidence against the existence of god .  due to the fact that there are an infinite number of false premises
okemoticonxrolleyes people who make the law
don't get me wrong
are you one of those cuckoo-brains who believes that barack obama is the anti-christ ? 
'so they don't really kill babies
i say yes so that feminists and other women who think they're equal to men can see that they're actually not .  i would also like to see them play football
you prefer me i am your target since the beginning .  when i took a break from cd and came back you are so happy that you message me like 5 times begging for me to let you be my ally i still have them but i am not going to copy and paste them here because you will cry like you did with hellno .  cheap words from a false witness that doesn't know knowing but satanic claims . 
they need support from someone else before wwwiii is started .  someone like us perhaps .  . 
have you even read the other arguments ?  or even researched the topic ?  i don't care if you're a christian
why do liberals always resort to personal attacks ?  why are they so angry ?  oh wait i know why .  .  .  .  .  .  . republicans control the presidency
the question is why did you change the sentence ?  as has been said
Well said Jito .  I don't understand why pro-lifers dismiss pregnancy as easy and/or suggest that it's a wonderful snuggly thing that's just the best thing in the world .  Even if you want a baby
they accept donations
the benefits aspect can be resolved simply by petitioning the government to stop using the word marriage and substitute in its place the word civil union and allow any couple  ( of age of consent )  to join in a civil union .  right  .   .   .  but rather than removing every reference to marriage from every state and federal law and replacing it with the words 'civil union' and then extending the right to participate in a civil union to gay people and straight people alike
wow
sort of like saying you are born conservative
a little lesson in biology told me that when the sperm meets the egg
wait until the end
its not the governments job to censor information .   for kids being subjected to things on the internet shouldnt be the governments right to have them see certain things and not see others .  thats what parents are for . 
i would like to add
is that like a dude + a pony ?  that's alright .  .  .  i'm a bronasaur .  dude + a dinosaur . 
shut up heretic .  god can do anything .   don't make him smite you .  you'll burn in hell for your blasphemy !  emoticonxgood emoticonxhoho
idk what that has to do with this not being a real debate site or peoples emotional reactions .  people are going to react accordingly . 
call it what ever floats your boat
why would i want to watch lesser basketball ?  the skill level of the wnba is nothing special and even a mens minor league team could beat them and since i don't watch minor league teams play i don't watch womens sports .   i make an exception for mud wrestling . 
'umm .  .  .  what the fuck are you talking about again ? ' 'reincarnation ?  walking on water ?  no different than hitler ? '-perhaps i should of compared him to 'jones' instead .  just mocking your own skewered belief 
yeah - jason - you should be ashamed of yourself for being such an outright liar .  you have an incredibly sordid reputation around here and it just gets worse every time you embarrass yourself like this . 
you can choose to have faith i whatever you want .  some feel the bible represents the historical accounts of jesus .  it could be mythical
religious zealots don't believe evolution or biology have anything to do with humans .  that's because we are supposedly one step below the angels
for those of you wondering why we have no patience for creationists: this is your answer . 
mary magdalene was a woman from whom jesus cast out seven demons  ( luke 8:2 )  .  what kind of a life do you suppose a woman with seven demons lived ?  she may or may not have been a prostitute but running around with seven demons certainly doesn't bode well for clean living  ( beforehand )  . 
actually
how is changing clothes not like changing genders ?  we are control of our own lives and if we want to change ourselves we have all right to do so . 
well
you are an agnostic .  you believe in heaven ?  if you believe in heaven
it is within a mans power to control his emotions this in essence is rationality . 
os
aren't you all up in arms :p if you don't want to answer the question  ( say because you think it's sarcastic rhetoric )  don't answer it
if you were the real evelyn waugh who converted to catholicism you would know the answer to your question by now emoticonxrolleyes
it is kind of funny how abortion has to do with a woman's body .  and yet
i'm never without friends
this is more about efficiency than effective because of the coercive monopoly .  ups and fedex would hire more people where they would be able to cover the vast plains of the united states .  the private companies would have more opportunity if the ban on private companies would be repealed . 
i'd no sooner cave in the skull of an infant than a dog .  50characters
i do not think all guns should be banned
something is only dumb to those that cannot comprehend .  is a student dumb or the teacher too dumb to teach ?  one does not train a dog to sit
yes
that was complete non-response .  you totallly made up that there was some 'other speech' pushing a 'socialist agenda . ' that's what the sarcasm was about which was evidently lost on you .  show me this fabled 'lost speech' baron . 
atheists believe in god .  .  .  .  they just don't want to believe in god because they are in rebellion to god .  a parallel is that of a parent and child .  when the child does something bad and the parent comes to punish him or her
i watched a review of the film last night
No .  You can take it as the fact that we do not have proof . The UN has also said that Zionism  Racism .  Does everyone accept that ? 
'and why should you
hey - you're the one who condones sinful
it should just be 'stick butter
happy birthday ron !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  and you have been raising children all your life .  .  .  duh 8 kids ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  do you even remember what it was like to have a quiet moment in your home ?  and just remember i am big enough to go along with the lucy joke .  .  .  i even bought a lucy purse this weekend .  .  i just let it ride .  .  .  .  never let them know how smart you really are : )  on edit so many people on right now
nah
i probably wasted time creating this debate .  everyone knows blacks commit more crime than other races .  who in their right mind is going to argue with that ?  oh wait
10 - 4 .  roger that .  we lost thousands of two way radios .  mission accomplished . 
leviticus 18:22 do not have sexual relations with a man as one does with a woman; that is detestable .  leviticus 20:13 if a man has sexual relations with a man as one does with a woman
i am using the same definition .  however
i've hardly ever heard any christian try to convince anyone they are all consistent and harmonized .  and i've been around a lot of christians .  maybe you'd actually get more christians to consider your points if you'd stop flinging accusations of scams and rudely calling things that are dear to them 'fairy tales' .  but hey
it's not sexual assault if she's not mentally incapacitated i think .  if she brushes her teeth and does other things to suggest she's drunk rather than fully mentally incapacitated and then has sex
what's the scoop here ?  it seems to me with all the shootings that occur in the united states because of all the gun happy nuts running around
hurts to be exposed as a pathetic liar doesn't it ?  har
loool justin bieber ?  !  oh that is a sad thing to believe :p dear boy  ( obviously )  whitney houston beats michael jackosn demi lovato beats justin bieber karen carpenter beats every singer on earth<3 opera is the most powerfull woman on earth
One of the wealthiest segments of our population are gays .  Now .  .  . where's that crying towel and violin .  emoticonXCool
be careful lesz
well
you don't think we are part of the food chain ?  may i remind you that in the last few weeks
the admin wisely deleted the link .  it was a foolish thing to do .  not only that
satan encourages violence
he may fear you .  you are highly respected on this site .  so if you were to make a valid point everybody would support it leaving him at a disadvantage .  or maybe he thinks you may be an 'abusive participant ( which would make no sense ) ' .  i think he may be afraid . 
yeah
the kind aussies are banning .  that right there .  you're the 'legend in your own mind' type .  self-fluffer .  ho hum .   that's a span of about 40 years .  my point is that graphic depictions of rape are rare in film .  clearly you don't understand the formula for slasher films . 
from what i have seen of your prior posts you wouldn't know a value if it slapped you .  are you still beating your live in ? 
nope
but then the bush people never saw a lie that they couldn't embrace . 
can we stick to the issues ink ?  stupid personal attacks waste time and distract from what's really important .  now then
this is actually simply a place for intelligence to prevail
what party politics ?  calling people who want to hold bp accountable 'socialists . ' mistakes were made
i find that marc's notion funny that the us gov is shoving atheism down the country's throat
must have clicked dispute out of habit of disputing idiots .  after looking at your posts
doesn't really change the fact that you were either entirely ignorant of casualties figures
xd i don't know if that's insulting to him or a compliment .  i just find it amusing .  the place i work at is only half fun i guess
hyea- right - in england the speaker of the house isn't even allowed to speak .  .  .  :p  .  .  .  so-o-o ?  emoticonxrolleyes
john kerry is a gigilo and married 2 rich women and teresa heinz married john heinz to get her money .  .  .  .  .  get a clue .  .  .  .  .  . 
so let me understand this from you libs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . you can support the troops but hope their mission fails ?  emoticonxconfused and if course if their mission fails it means more deaths and caualties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . hmmmmmmm emoticonxconfused
no .  .  go read the bible before you look dumber than you already do .  it sounds like you're talking about something you know little about .  god didn't want us to be puppets .  he wanted us to have free will
who's crying ?  not i .  i'm just putting people on notice .  your animations are indicative of your inability to come up with a clear concise argument .  you resort to false mimicry .   nothing in this thread points to a general dislike of change on my part .  it's not my country .  it is a country founded by godly men with a clear recognition of our creator and lord .  read this and any other posts of mine and you will not find where i give a rat's xxx whether you love god .  that is your business .  i don't where anyone has characterized the atheists as mean and nasty .  i don't recall complaining of being picked on .  i simply put out a statement .  .  not nearly as pitiful as your attempt to make some profound statement . 
wow
no .  disagree with this and i'm going to beat the crap out of you . 
you are completely wrong and delusional .  absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
welcome back honey .  .  .  it's been a while .  now prodigee and i may not get along very well but i do think he's right about this .  there is no way the good doctor has that many phds .  you're all probably the same person but who the hell really cares ?  i think the doc is kinda funny . 
quite right .  the former nytimers and cnners are all familiar with this particular poster's distractions
you don't seem to want a written constitution either
he couldn't be expected to know that
clearly is not necessarily correctly !  even though his statement is convoluted
i'm rarely serious .  yes .  .  . 
17 There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel
sex is over rated .  people should only have sex in order to reproduce .  ; ) 
when we demean the holocaust
It has been explained here several times that the statistics indicate that gun ownership makes you more likely to be injured or killed .  Perhaps the false sense of power increases risky behaviour in the owner
the liberals in this country love to spend money as long as it not theirs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
any mass of such nature
about as much 'soverienty' legitimation as hitler had when he was butchering the jews .  no cause ?  you forget about trying to murder bush #41 .  no cause ?  you forget about him funding palestinian terrorists at $25k a pop .  no cause ?  you forget about invading kuwait .  no cause ?  he kicked out the u . n .  inspectors .  no cause ?  he fired at our airplanes who patrolled the no-fly zones .  no cause ?  the mass graves and stalinist government ?  and these are just the things we know for certain . 
samsung produces apple clones for several years
well
uhhhh .  .  .  i know he was 40 .  that's pretty young to die .  are you planning to be dead by age 40 ?  quite sure
your not commenting .  your trying to convince people
provide a link to the studies you are talking about
so stop blaming his actions on the right side .  a better question .  why exactly was this guy not committed to a mental health clinic if he had displayed clear and present danger to himself and others as early as college ?  he was kicked out of college for being disruptive
let's all listen to one religious book and base our laws off of that
a long time ago - like 2009
its a download link for a pdf file provided by nasa about guadalupe  ( which i gave you before )  .  but heres an article that might amuse you . you may do more research if you wish though i love how you cling to hope that your god exists .  you actually believe that god has no time to help all of the starving people
it is not the existence of the gay people that moralizing families question .  their opposition to them being in the video is not based on that .  their view is that it shouldn't be considered a 'family' in the acceptable sense of the term .  not that they exist .  surely you know this .  now
originally posted by 99%beef : i am fed up with myself .  .  .  .  is it possible to change who i am ?   'hun' ?  <flush> there's jazy - always going for the bath house fix instead of advising a person to get closer to christ/god to find their niche
sure keep guns ok .  .  . 
too scared to answer the question eh ?  perhaps more the point is that you're too scared to ask yourself the question: 'why do i care so much about getting points for doing absolutely nothing on a site that gives me no reward ? ' the answering is terrifying isn't it eh virgin .  you aspire to be a psychopath .  ok .  let's see .  the guy in that film killed his family and class mates with a bow .  you lurk in a sparsely populated forum collecting points that mean nothing to anyone but you . 
students should pay for their lunches
you disguting sickening woman !  how can you tell a man that about his mum ?  ?  !  !  !  evil twisted filthy .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
what six-year old kid actually understands the ramification of such a commitment ?  especially with god attached ?  it's indoctrination
Would it be the lawless Cardinal Law officiating at one of the funerary masses for JPII and otherwise serving in a prominent role in all the pomp and circumstance surrounding the pope's death ? 
yes
wouldn't it be nice if you didn't overuse the word oppress .  if you really believe that gays are oppressed then believe me you ain't seen nothing in the world as yet .  try looking at some countries in the world and you will see what oppression really means . 
nah i always watch the site while im off line as a guest
who is dana and what does he have to do with whether these two countries are alike ? 
if we had federal healthcare
nope
get a grip will ya .  .  .  ever heard of fort hood ?                                        us_news-crime_and_courts/  and i even supplied a msnbc link just to be sure you would say 'fox lies'
dude
wow
did you not see the post by obvious child that i answered foundit ?  how can i be changing the subject when i'm responding to a direct statement made by another poster ? 
in fairness
muhammad forced his followers to leave their families false he warned those who did not follow him
if only you learn this lesson
agreed .  it seems to me
depends .  .  do you like lobster and shrimp ?  do you wear linen and wool togather ? 
and yet you continue to support the illogic of a potential person having the right to make a slave of a person in being .  incredible .  and
i 'personally' feel that sex ed encourages having sex
dear lisa
part of me feels the syrians need to fight it out like every other country did
i don't think so .  i think everyone else is overcomplicating it .  yeah
not if you injure them severely because that would be mighty useless if you don't want them to crawl with their bleeding hands in agony over their mangled
honest .  what can i say ?  if nothing else the bush presidency has shown us that having a president who lies every time he opens his mouth is a bad thing .   she does not have enough background to say for sure .  while she has instituted some conservative programs in alaska
i think the obama administration has been working with republicans
okay .  that is good .  but i was asking who he was referring to .  was he talking about you ? 
this sounds crazy
if that was all that i said then you might be right .  i have spent a fair amount of time discussing the why's and wherefore's of my reasoning .  and i did not say that good is god although he is .  good does not define god .  at least not completely .  what i said was that god is good .  god is the definer of good and he is good .  i have offered a fair amount of analysis .  i submit that you think it is 'too easy' just because you disagree with it .  ef
why is it moot ?  do pregnant women who are choosing adoption suddenly don't have themselves and dependents to care for .  if i were pregnant and said pregnancy would prevent me from providing for myself or my son i would end it .  the question was why some women choose abortion over adoption .  one reason is because the pregnancy is a threat to being able to provide for oneself .  and your definition of selfish disgusts me .  whooooosh . 
i would love to see the evidence for that .  alas
well
do you even follow the news ?  ?  seriously .  there have been cases of msnbc being so offensive that even hillary clinton basically threatened to boycott them .  geez .  as far as huffington is concerned
the democrats are going to do anything they can to bring down the gop .  . this is just another 'thing' to bring up to show how 'stupid' america is for putting them in power .  just like this delay thing .  . yeah he might be wrong .  .  .  but would we know about it if the partisan tables were switched the other way .  . just crappy politics as usual . 
i served in the united states navy from june 2006 to august 2008 and yet you still crucify me and others just like me because your religion and bitterness toward others has consumed you .  .  .  . 
what 'harshness of life' ?  my life is a fricken breeze .  i don't know what people are complaining about . 
i think it goes without saying that any time the mother's life is endangered then and abortion can take place .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  as far as rape and incest if and abortion has to take place lets hope that it is before the last 3 months of the pregnancy .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
uh
what does slavery has to do with anything ?  oh i see
He was arrested and spent several hours in a cell when plainly he had not broken any laws . 
not a chance .  i'm your worst nightmare; a straight
here
if it's really that much
interesting and so revealing
i will out post off you any day of the week pal .  i will post so much information your head will spin .  some of it may even be related
honey
hardly
better in a clinic than in a back alley any damn day . 
i'm ignorant how ?  lol well let me tell u how it works were i'm from in california people fight with each for the opportunity to stab rapists yea i'm not to good at sentences or spelling i spent time learning more important things i have never needed spelling or how to write anything really important to b honest but i do have a g . e . d lol let me guess why ur mad becuase u still live with ur mom
why is the world no all atheist ?  why is the world not all theist ?  why is the world not all satanist
that's just sick dude !  no wonder you're so f*cked up ! 
why would you prefer people to be killed rather than jailed away from society so that their harm is neutralised ? 
people have the right to freedom of belief and freedom of speech as long as they are not hurting anyone . 
so your some lonely 60 year old guy who say stuff like 'omg'  ?  wow my life my life is already turning out better then yours .  .  .  .  .  and i'm only 15 : )  and i'm glad i don't know what a blanket statement is  .  .  .  so suck on that ! 
i'm here to debate not argue
watch your language .  throwing out the f bomb doesn't lend you any weight; it just makes you sound as uneducated and immature as you apparently are . 
the problem with atheism is that man is material just like a rock .  concepts do not exist in a rock whey should they exist in man ?  we are all matter .  you can say we are more conplex than a rock
you agreed with trebor pappy .  .  .  .  . now you are back pedalling .  . re previous post
i think the real problem is that rick roll is officially dead .  i mean
ahh here we go again .  the attacking begins
they have to land eventually
that's not cannibalism .  if it were cannibalism jesus wouldn't have walked away from the meal .  or did that cross your mind ?   the catholic church wasn't the first church
america invaded more countries
'the 'hocus pocus' approach to magic is childish' the way she finds the spells is actually quite creative .  the spells are in latin and mean things like 'shoot' or blast' .   i think expelliarmos means to expel  ( get rid of )  arms  ( weapons )  .   childish ?  i think not . 
how should i respond to coming back after some time to be immediately called chisler
wowwwwwww you are so clever .  did srom teach you how to do that or did you learn it all on your own ? 
while adolf did in fact gain followers that were 'christian'
i'm just stating a fact .  if your delusional mind wants to read more into it than that
unfair to paint all fundamentalist christians with such a broad brush .  those making this absurd claim of foreign birth are likely uncomfortable with their president having an arabic name and maybe his african heritage as well . 
controling the population what population .  ----------------------------------- the population of cats and dogs .    and a human is a animal we are no different .  -----------------------------------------  oh really ?  then why don't we go naked and live in a forest or jungle ?   just because they can't say no they still show that they don't like it .  --------------------------------------------------------  yes
well all of the trolls would be getting removed
translation: i'm a communist
because mostly all his post have a secret code behind them .  wait what ? 
yeah but i don't hate gays because they are still people i just hate the sin and the lifestyle that they are in .   wow i have never seen an atheist who is against gay marriage .  i am impressed . 
hinduism has far more gods .  they could easily defeat the father
creationism is a joke dependent on an unproven god .  evolution literally happens .  it's fact .  get over it
and what a terrible threat those damn socialists have been .  emoticonxrolleyes it's sad that so many americans still refuse to see that the greatest threat this country faces is itself . 
well u r also logical sweet heart u knw wen to raise wer to be emotional therefore emotion is just a part of human being not a whole  .  .  .  . 
halifax
 .  .  .  no
if the founders and early government leaders believed that the modern liberal interpretation of separation of church and state is correct then why is the image of moses carrying the ten commandments carved into the supreme court building ?  ten commandments stunner: feds lying at supreme court
So Stalin didn't actually practice Communism  ( not that anyone has ) 
no
pot  .  .  .  kettle  .  .  .  black emoticonxrolleyes once again i provide a friendly reminder of the op's original 'subject matter' and thus the essence of debate in this particular thread .  i've even taken a moment to highlight the questions the op wishes to address .  if you dont want to address the arguments then that is of course your perogative .  why would you waste your time discussing consequences of certain actions if you find them irrelevant anyway ?  even if it does contradict your ability to do so in other threads .  : ) 
If it's a well reasoned one
this post is inform dane that i have posted a request to prove your accusation of me 'lying' .   this link to this thread is here: in accordance with the admin
i see you still think my goal in life is to go back and read every post you ever made .  lol as stated in answers in genesis
It takes a hypocrite to cite the huffington post and then complain about a news source . 
ting a few of the groups that liberals will go out of their way to stand up for and squawk about how they need more equality
not until i see verified proof of the validity of his original birth certificate and his health records .  .  . each without redaction .  obama is a facade .  .  . an opaque facade .  .  . appearing to many to be an honest man .  i say he is a liar .  .  . and always will be a liar . 
go do a google search and find out .  how many babies have you supported killing ? 
i honestly don't care what you believe about my comment but the reality is you were prejudice about it while at the same time claiming i was the prejudice one .  it honestly makes me laugh because it was that ironic .  the simple fact that i rarely/never use the word 'lifestyle' for 'gay' would indicate that i meant something different than 'gay' .   unlike many i use words that i find represent what i try to get across .  for those that don't know what the word 'lifestyle' means i have taken the liberty to post it for you below: the habits
there was a catagory 5 hurricane back about 105 years ago that hit texas .  as long as catagory 5 hurricans have been happening
People should be responsible for their actions be they man or woman .  .  .  .  .  .  . Why does the innocent unborn baby in the womb after to pay for the mistakes of its parents ? 
if you are a woman you don't want them between your legs with their invasive laws . 
i'll answer your off-topic aggression with more off-topic aggression .   'we' are the people with iqs above 21 .  : ) 
i guess you're reading it wrong
what about your son
The 14th amendment made the 1st amendment applicable to state governments as well .  14th amendment: The validity of the public debt of the United States
its because if you want to change law you shouldn't be able to exploit the judiciary .  . you need to do it like everyone else has  ( up until 50yrs ago )  which is go convince the people and run it like a democracy . 
What was it they said about statistics ?  Oh yes
oh
your christian apologetics are noted .  nowhere are you able to defend christianity marching against the heathen .  sorry
i think i know where your head has been lodged but i will refrain from saying it here .  you obviously missed the whole part i cut-and-pasted about tadpoles .  you need to do some reading on evo devo .  in polyphenic development
and you are an excellent example of those who believe want thecracy .  who profess to love freedom but are in fact liberty-challenged .  the fact that you have said nothing in response to this charge after multiple posts is quite revealing . 
uk crime doesn't seem to correlate with the gun ban .  i'm not too familiar with it to be honest but it has gone up and down at crazy rates over the years unrelated to the gun ban .  dropping in all states regardless of gun laws .  again
Actually no such right exists
You assume too much .  As I've pointed out before
just because he's a whacko doesn't mean he was alone .  after all
you could probably start by not calling the majority of people anti-moral
why would god want a cowboy to spread his message ?  after all
gays are more prone to hiv infection .  .  . maybe they have bad role models .  maybe old camp fruits like you are not the best role models .  'sex with whore or sex with gay .  . put a rubber on it' .  .  . get that tatooed on your forehead and do your gay friends a favour
i don't keep track of who is who
I believe it's rather common knowledge around here that your premature synaptic transmitter aberrations and neuronal abnormalities
i thought that this would be a good thread to distinguish between socialism and communism .  i think most people do not really understand the differences between the two . 
just like god
I'm having a Groundhog Day experience emoticonXFrazzled I was under the impression that it was traditional to ask the question before the answer was given
i didn't need to vote for obama to know more than you .  .  considering you live in a world of delusion . 
Cappy: How sad that you are unable to get this through your twisted brain .  The woman with the help of a man
this outta be good .  a creationist actively making himself look like a complete idiot .  normally we have to pay for kind of entertainment .   besides
i didn't name the play because i don't remember it--but
this doesnt really add up to anything more than your musings so i will take up one point .  respect for your mother and father is only relevant in a society where the nuclear family is the norm .  there have been some societies where this was not the norm .  im afraid to say this demonstrates another example of someone that believes the world is and always was as he lives it  .  respect (  or fear )  is necessary for a functioning society but not necessarily towards parents .  . which is exactly what the commandment orders . 
And an individual  ( adjective )  cupcake also exists independently from me .  This does not make it an individual  ( noun )  . 
the fetus is non-sentient
I'm too pious .  .  . I have my wife bow in prayer for me .  .  . 
my challenge has been met ?  where ?  where ?   did i assert that god did it ?  please find that quote .  trebor is apparently atheistic
so what you're saying is that you will insist that there's no objective scientific evidence that supports the young earth account
if you had the missing link you people would parade it around like your long lost messiah .  its quite convenient to contend it doesnt really matter .  but neither do the unborn children you liberals love to abort / butcher
i'm just calling you on all of your excuses and justifications for the lifestyle and lies which you attempt to defend and justify .  that's all .  .  .  i realize being confronted with the truth is frustrating
You want to restrict firearms ownership in a country on the opposite side of the world but are unwilling to as an average citrizen  ( sic )  join this UN task force and do it yourself .  You are willing to send the sons and daughters of your country on a foreign pirate raid but you won't lay your own life on the line .  You sir are a coward . 
and not that i did either .  .  .  hijacking ?  hijacking is the seizing of something by use of force .  the unborn baby was forced to be there .  .  . not the other way around .  but you don't have 100% personal autonomy and never will .  is this really that hard to see ?  well those 'slave owning white guys'  ( of which not all of them had slaves and most of them knew slavery needed to be ended )  founded your country and established the government by which you feel protects your 'right to abortion' or 'personal autonomy' .  .  . eventhough they never established this .  .  .  . 
you could go there but it won't change the fact i don't agree with your ideas of what is says .  you believe it is saying one thing and i believe it says something else .  we have an entire supreme court to do the same sort of interpretation game with our constitution .  they sit and make decisions and interpreations based on what they think it says .  the bible is the same game . 
not only is phyllis right in calling you what you are but you clearly ignore reality .  you were already called on using incorrect facts once .  .  . you might as well say 'denying abortion will cause 10000000 bagillion deaths a day'
i'm not sure there are lumix dslrs .  i'll have to look into it .  edit: my nikon d40 came today .  so far
i strongly suggest that you do more training
maybe because thats not the question .  the question is
Originally posted by voiceofreason Yeah
Jyoshu
so what is it you are looking for ?   sympathy ?  yes
Suicide car bomber kills 10 Afghan policemen Los Angeles Times - Aimal Yaqubi - 1 hour ago Police converge on the scene of a suicide car bomb blast in Lashkar Gah
jos 24:15 'if it is disagreeable in your sight to serve the lord
which is exactly why i asked  why are these opinions shallow and vaccuous ?  and just to push your opinion a little further
it's not as though our vocal opponents of climatological science have exactly been enlightening .  we've yet to hear why they think the scientific consensus is wrong . 
They both were guilty of the very thing that you love to post about Simone .  However Kennedy .  . being the terrorist loving
you do realize that this god of yours is only a figment of your imagination .  falwell was a snake oil salesman
Moose automatically assumes a Bible website is always dishonest .  Shame on you for that bigotry . 
hyp-o-crite /h-p-kr-t/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciationhip-uh-krit Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation  â€“noun 1 .  a person who pretends to have virtues
I have met professed atheists who could not put a name to their actual beliefs . 
You would if it involved a gay sex proposal .  Then you'd hop on it in a New York minute .  So don't add lying in addition to being an unrepentant
i got a compromise for ya .  how about you
yes
why do the 'loving' christians always threaten eternal torment when you ask them for information ? 
you mean by enforcing the 2nd upon the states the people get the 4th amendment's protections back as well ?  ?  ?  wonderful news ! 
did you know that women are 96% more likely to make light of spelling errors then men are ?  or did you not care if we all know you are a girl ? 
well
if you had quoted a scientific journal then it would be different .  as i showed
define for me precisely how gravity effects light as it travels through space .  or how it effects gamma rays as it passes near planets
well
So sorry to butt in
if chrsitians were as vigilant about learning abut the rest of the world as they are learning about the scriptures .  the world would be a wonderful place ! 
while you see the need to not only debate him on points
you flaming liberals are really something else .  at least we're generous with our own money .  you radicals help the poor using other people's money .  then you keep them on your government plantation so they can vote to keep you in power .  sieg heil !  ! 
i guess we are all still waiting in anticipation for the liberal calvary to arrive .  .  .  . 
try out the ring cycle .  both long and religious  ( in its own context )  . 
ith friends like you who lead people astray
with myself being one of the american sheep here
Is that a likely possiblity though ?  What is the evidence for it ? 
no .  according to official sources
the fault is the cult's
i see you missed the point again !  youre not exactly a very bright person are you ?  by the way you forgot to mention: think
ok
want the list of military actions he engaged in as president ? 
don't add words that are not there .  unbe-freakin-lievable !  how many times do i have to repeat this .  .  .   the department shall post the required individual abortion form on its stable internet web-site .  nothing in the individual abortion form shall contain the name
I can well believe Orion saying that you used a source that said the Rabbi's condoned pedaphilia
Self defense for dummies- shoot a police officer Concealed Carry Cop Killers . mov - YouTube
Everything that happend in the universe happens according to laws . 
in other words youre happier because the old man did something criminal and broke the law .  admit it . 
talk about projecting !  point out any of what you attribute to me saying that was actually said by me in my post you quoted ? 
i will have to agree with you there .  the problem that the church had/has with mary magdalen is that she was independant . 
try as it is .  Most of them that would put dangerous individuals away for a long time are never used .  So we're not in the mood to discuss future restrictions that won't be used either . 
do you have any idea what kind of **** the us backed in the 50s to 80s ?  oh wait
if you don't like the country
fox finally turned him off !  popularity deminishing .  his rhetoric must not be as strong as he hoped it would become .  apparently he was a legend in his own mind .  his listeners will have to go to limbaugh
that's why we hold the trial before the execution
From the intelligent people are smart
nmbla thinks it should be 8 .  there argument ?  it is giving the child comfort and will actually help them mature faster .  don't believe me ?  check out their website . 
you mean the conservative tilting supremes donot know the law  ?  you want to tell them that  ?  emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken
14 year olds are psychologically unready for sex .  Would you say you could handle a baby at this point ?  That’s a good gauge . 
it is an absract concept
where's the part about mexico in the story ?   i'll bet they planned to sell them to guys like you .  .  .  once again
Just read the following story .  My question is thus
I don't expect you to believe anything outside of your limited range of understanding .  But now I'll expect the scoffing and mocking to start
You want to talk about logic
well it seems that no one minded him showing up at gay funerals it was only when he started showing up at military funerals people started noticing .  as far as the music we all might just join you for a good dance .  i still say 3
and neither did trebor post any evidence of his claim .  why aren't you questioning him ?  but i suspect that trebor has asked those with better recollections of the time than he has and they have confirmed for him that what i said is true
meanwhile
yeah it is too
thats precisely the problem: saints are good for one thing only
what poland's leaders are thinking .  are an couple billion dollars worth being targeted by several hundred russian warheads ?   the us is trying to convince poland to let them place part of the us missile shield in poland .  they are doing this in their normal bribing way .  however
Are you kidding ?  He's absolutely obsessed with the topic--and not just on this website .  How hilarious !   ( For the record
admin
Sorry
you can always tell when you've scored a hit on archie .  he starts going nutso with the bold
that's where standard rules of interpretation come in .  yes there is poetry and symbolism
You do a good job of regurgitating all the Reichwing talking points .  Sure does relieve you and the other dittoheads of the burden of thought .  As to who is in the minority
Yes I believe in strict government regulation of business .  I see the agenda behind the question . 
lies
electrolyte - Just another futile attempt by you to try to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat .  Go sell your follies to Michael Moore .  He might like them . 
i'd be more than happy to take responsibility for every baby that i sire .  in fact
i got your pm
Ah but the laws of God have been the basis for many of our laws .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
es what it was told to do if it encountered those conditions .  The computer never makes up its own options and chooses its own preferred course of action . 
Go do your own homework .  I'm not busting my butt for a certified Christ-denier who never admits anything when information is provided .  Figure it all out yourself . 
The concept of Free Will is Bull Shite  .  It's not FREE if you are faced with a consequence for your choice . 
every person should attempt to preserve what they hold dear .   if the atheist is a objectivst who loves the ideal of freedom and capatalism then they will probably support a battle against the terrorists .  if the atheist is a communist
i don't pretend to know what is behind your movement
why am i not surprised at such an answer .  people with no common sense nor the ability or desire to recognize the obvious need someone else to tell them what to think .  you people can remain in denial of reality but we have hundreds of thousands of bars and clubs
yeah
this is the part you are misquoting .  'it is not within judicial notice that a shotgun having a barrel of less than 18 inches in length is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense . ' now it states the shotgun with a barrel length of eightteen inches is not military equipment .   so if the anti gun/gun control advocates are going to use this to defend their claim they are wrong . 
Theories and laws are completely different .  I think this paragraph should answer your questions thoroughly . 
most any parent  ( except a bad parent )  is going to love their kid no matter what and most people aren't evil gay-haters after all . 
It's called a technical correction
you're full of it .  go back and reread my posts
Just because YOU feel that there's something to what she said
you don't leave a lot of room for disagreement moose .  all one must do to get pounced on by you all as a group is to say we disagree with the lifestyle and we are immediately attacked as christianistas/christers/christianists bigots .  homophobic haters who want to oppress and destroy you .  but none of what you accuse me of being is true which is why it rolls of me like water off a duck .  and i realize my truth is hard and painful to receive but it is spoken in love and out of an eternal concern for you .  if what i believe is true
yes
unkerpaulit: 2 .  it does not imply that god is not righteous .  being righteous necessitates eliminating evil
then call the police
OUCH !  Err .  .  .  what the - OOF !  OW !  Aw come on .  .  .  ARRGH !  DOWN BOY !  Hi
So
rovdak
Since you are so sure that universal ideas of right and wrong exist
explain that spurious
don't buy into this leftist propaganda icare
lmao !  did you read my last sentence
how many text book does it take to screw in a light bulb ?  the text books can't .  it has to be the children themselves who do the screwing .  the text books are just there to help turn the light on . 
ER
Volcanoes do more to contribute to global warming than an unchecked industrial society .  Toxic gases
they wouldn't have to avoid heller since heller recognized that restrictions on packing heat are okay .  next argument
did i just see a draw pistol and shoot ones self in foot here ? 
homosexuality can be cured and that studies show that long-term
sweden .  finland .  norway .  britain .  luxembourg .  germany .  switzerland .  oh
Uhhh
nd so strongly
NONSENSE !  What it is a reflection of is the sense of paranoia that the hard right religious radical lunatic fringe has created ever since 9/11 .  If YOU were panicked
would a prosecution for shooting an intruder in the states demonstrate the illegality of using a gun for self-defense in america ? 
** hanks
As I have mentioned many times in these forums
in this case the law and the science are in accord .  the law can treat the late term fetus as a person because it has developed to the point where sentience is verifiable . 
Any evidence to support this or is it just a neat excuse not to take any action ? 
Don't worry too much about removing the 's' Yossarian .  The original line read: and the tides of time rushes in .  It should have either been  and the tides of time rush in .  or and the tide of time rushes in .  If SpicyGirl is unable to take constructive critism
you're right
It is entirely premature to be discussing this matter for the purpose of promoting political positions and beliefs .  It is also disrespectful to those that died and their families to try and capitalize on their pain for a political agenda .  No relevant details have been discovered or released yet meaning all that can be had is pure speculation and hyperbole .  The simple fact that authorities were able to apprehend the individual before he could commit suicide places us as a whole in a unique situation . 
Have you considered that there are some Liberals
you would think open indulgence in any and every proclivity known to man qualifies as thinking for themselves . 
victory made news because of the Islamic supremacist statements made then .  The event featured declarations such as This is a victory for Islam !  Islam won !  Islam won !    .  .  .  Islamic power is extending into Canadian politics !  as reported by Arab attendees
read the article
i think a better question is what preserved their life for so long ?  it is the mercy of god that upholds and preserves people in this life .  it is the sin of human beings that is responsible for death .  this is not correct .  god does go 'out of his way' to keep everyone alive .  besides that
the technology is here .  we built a prototype of a weapon a while back  ( mil contract )  that was constructed entirely from carbon composites .  it is more or less the same stuff that they make the carbon barrels for the 10-22 with .  i don't think they will be hot sellers
sorry if i sound harsh
No I do not think that all life comes from a single-celled ancestor in the distant past .  The first reason for this is my faith in the inherent word of God .  Secondly
you have demonstrated my point .  you seem capable of responding to issues in only two ways - either quoting the bible as 'proof' of something
<flush> 'for the scientist who has lived by faith in the power of reason
see how much easier it would have been to have just shot them on the battlefield or whatever hole we found them hiding in instead of taking them into custody ?  sure
first great post i've seen in awhile with the truth attached ! 
listen
yep i did say that and you don't know why ?  if you can repeal the bor
i'm addressing exactly what you said .  you have said this on numerous occasions !  !  !  it's time to prove it
so guns are more important than the safety of women ?  then the right of women abandoned by their husbands to know about the financial situation of their spouses in a divorce case ?   so men love their guns more than women ?  is that some kind of homosexuality ?  ya know a gun is kind of shaped like
sorry but you wrote 'hard' so many times that i couldn't resist it . 
the california legislature--the people's elected representatives--have
give it a rest
HUSSEIN Obama .  You both lie like dogs and can't stand up to the truth .  Truth and I have busted your chops at every turn .  With the whipping you've been taking I'm surprised you even show up around here anymore .  You know how to make liberals furious ?  You tell them the truth .  Then watch their heads spin .  You might want to go get a college degree and educate yourself so you can run with the big dogs . 
You mean there is a difference between muslim and christian extreamists ?  I don't see one . 
What i really find disturbing is why you choose to ignore truths and facts .  .  .  . did you know that the blacks that were brought here from Africa were the criminal and the mentally deranged ?  90% of blacks here today are a product of them .  .  .  .  . think about that for a week .  .  .  .  . have you listened to gangsta rap lately ?  it is the decay of the 90s .  .  .  . of society .  .  .  . but they keep getting richer !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
the concept of a gay family makes me a little uncomforatable
if the lawsuit makes it to the scotus
this is what easyrider doesn't understand .  your story was jesus's whole point .  though actions of love we will know god .  easyrider and his kind do not know jesus .  i actually feel sorry for him and pity him he can not see jesus in another human being and is so addicted to the bible
and you are the one now discriminating !  !  against the ones who cannot affor to send their children to private or parochial schools  ( which is why i support vouchers )  .  you're really pulverizing the dead horse here chettie !  !  !  when even liberals are supporting educational alternatives to the cesspools called the public skrewel  ( thank you elrushbo )  system
You are making a mockery of the 2nd Amendment .  You know the answer . 
sorry to burst your bubble
i think that it demonstrates that the liberal biased media got it dead wrong .  no residents blame the mayor and governor
I don't believe Mr .  Hamm was refering to the issue of CCW at all
israel
For anti-choicers
It has 'splintered' in the fact there are more than one way to interpret things .  .  and how strictly one follows the rituals .   On the other hand
michele
Who's this he you're talking to ?  Archangel or me
that seems unlikely .  he gets banned everywhere he goes with his multiple names .  he's not very good at hiding his identity and not very good at controlling his temper when dealing with the sort of creation believing xxxxxx that you get frequenting these boards  ( i can't say i blame him on the latter point )  .  look around the web though and you will find him elsewhere .  .  . 
this seems to be a mixture of pascal's wager and shocking evidence of eternal cruelty and torture from the god of love .  pray tell
i was disappointed by the ending because brown lets opus dei and the roman catholic church off . 
Now you've gone and done it .  .  . done it .  .  . done it .  You're you're repeating repeating yourself yourself again again .  .  .  .  . and again
We really are going around in circles on this .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . My bible through the RCC and Jesus Christ says all life is sacred including that life in the womb .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
I think you are forgetting the fact that He was 100% God and 100% man .  I don't understand what you are trying to argue . 
As the founders of Darwinism/evolution introduced it as a way to make God unnecessary/get around God . 
 .  .  . and chickens seem to benefit from having eggshells crushed and fed back to them . 
wow .  symbiote has your number on this one .  you're in full-out back-pedal mode here
i used to think the answer to this was bin laden
Mythology ?  Hah !  When will you ever learn ?  Did you know that atheism is a religion
your definition of science is a 'body of knowledge that pertains to reality ? ' that seems rather broad and .  .  . odd .  don't you think this is a better definition ?  the observation
all of these are interesting reads about the fbi shootout with two perps .   miami fbi shootout platt and matix - google search
Somewhat so .  If grammatically meant with proper grammar
Yes through what is described as the heterosexual lifestyle .   Besides you are very much an exception to the rule .  P . S .  Only homosexuals wear dungarees
like torturing suspects because the preznit says so ?  that's still illegal . 
So you'd rather have a god that doesn't have ANY standards whatsoever on sex and relationships
and 150 years ago a black man marrying a white woman would have been considered the same .  what's your point ? 
watch it .  Now you're using my lines .  Poet has always been an easy target
if that's the case
hasn't everyday since christ been latter days
making up your own logic sounds exactly like something you would do .  or maybe you just needed to redesign logic to go along with the redesigned universe you came up with when you first arrived ? 
If people with to smoke marijuana legally
we were attacked in ww2
ez
reading back through this thread
ya know
What fact's ?  Fact's of propaganda Yea thats it .  I see more whining on the Conservative side then the libral side .   Not saying the libral are not whiners Both partys are whiners . 
The first reasonable alternative explanation is that it never happened as alleged .  Prove it did
do you have any children ?  i have three .  i've seen the sex ed classes that they've had .  they don't exactly teach abstinance only
Sheer nonsense .  What couints is the functioning of the system as a whole .  Reducing it to subsytems
tell me
morgan spurlock
actually
Yes
update: 1 in 5 gay
they don't allow cameras but there are some on line at the lucy exhibit site .  like this one of lucy herself .  http://www . lucyexhibition . com/press_ .  .  . -legacy-23 . jpg
true perhaps .  the ba'ath party sanctioned all of the killings of innocent civilians back then .   ragged militias ?  you clearly have no grasp on the nature of the militias that we are fighting in iraq .  they are organized
** ** Nothing at all
no
i did comment by saying that it's all the more reason to make civil unions legal nationwide
i am hopeful that once we get a democrat in the white house
i've got no problem with it .  geez
when one turns the other cheek in the biblical sense
what are the choices of the so called 'pro-choice' people ?  to ban or not to ban abortion
I too believe that abortion is murder
and once again you have only your twisted opinion and nothing to support it .  . 
that is what the pro lifers want to change !  they want the fetus to be protected by law  .  .  . but surely we knew that ! 
quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam possit materiari ? 
Meeting the legal standard is easy .  It is reasonable to suspect anyone speaking Spanish in Arizona as being an illegal alien .  The same is true in California . 
you need to study jesus
just out of curiosity
Originally Posted by wsm2506: Personally
dispatchers have no duty to protect you either
<flush> why don't you go whine to somebody who can help you out with that
come to tonismagi in may 8 together with us !  were mourning over nasty profanation of soviet soldier-deliberator by estonian government .  people from the entire country and from abroad will go to tonismagi hill for paying homage to memory of fallen warriors that resisted fascist invasion into estonia during ww ii .  now our country returns to monstrous fascist regime and we need all people of good will for resisting it !  so we wait for you in may 8 on tonismagi hill .  we wont allow fascist monster strike roots in our country once again ! 
California gun-control laws cut flow to Mexico - SFGate A Hearst Newspapers survey of guns purchased in the United States and funneled to Mexican drug traffickers found that out of 1
persons taking no part in the conflict ?  nice try .  too bad enemy combatants aren't covered isn't it ?  rules do not apply to them .  give it up .  troops are not issued pepper spray so it is a non issue which both you and jerry chose to interject into the debate . 
for everyone's information
But it's not a joke about your race .  It's a joke about a limited population of extremist islamic terrorists .  Are those your people ?   I personally see no problem in anyone telling that joke
sentient: endowed with feeling and unstructured consciousness  what creature do you know of that has feelings and an unstructured consciousness ?  or are you dr .  dolittle ?  now go sit on your rock .  .  .  . maybe it'll hatch .  : ) 
I changed My minds and decided to read your link .  Not because it could effect what was said  ( it was pointless to your position )  but because I wanted to see what inferior it was .  I found this :
the rcc has priests and i follow its teaching as set down by jesus christ through his first pope his disciple peter .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
thanks for finally admitting it .  and further more
unkerpaulie
i wouldn't .  think you can arrange it ?  i mean i'm not asking for anything more than a personal appearance .   something allegedly granted numerous times in the bible .  call me thomas . 
for me the reason i don't 'give it credit' is that it's irrelevant--i don't see how it matter either way way if sexual 'orientation' is natural or not .  it's a separate issue from the moral one .  remember
madison rejected all changes to the constitution that he thought would weaken the federal government
So
poet
ing their faith is walking a thin line .  Laws need secualr reasoning . 
Oh
Once you have eliminated the impossible
ok
really bad logic .  just because its broken doesnt mean Im wrong . 
The logic of Dawkins ?  Do you think a blind man can make a watch ?  If you think he can I am not surprized that you think Mr .  Dawkins has superb logic .  Do not learn from him if you want to retain your sanity . 
there are so many flaws and basic fundamental errors in reasoning here .  .  .  i think my iq dropped an even 50 points just from reading it .   ss
your the dufus 
Leviticus 18:22 Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; that is detestable . 
'bloomberg said the city had submitted the results of its inquiry to the federal bureau of alcohol
Yet mine is right .  .  .  . well it isn't really mine
Mayabe they were wise
what bothers me the most about 'organized religion' is the sheer hypocracy .  i was taught that god instructs us to question authority
because not everyone sees it like that .  personally i see god as a bigger enemy than satan by a long way !  lavey has never advocated child sacrifice .  where is this from ? 
you consider this refuting my evidence ?  what amazes me is that you all scoff at creationism
quotexcaliber;418906you are truly delusional .  the bush tax cut made the rich richer but did nothing for the economy . quote that's hog drivel .  in the 8 years since the bush tax cuts
You're trying to get the best of both worlds here .  You're angry that people believe in a God that tells them what to do .  Now
where in the hell did all the anti-gunners on this board go ?  did they all run off or give up the fight ? 
that's it !  i'm not pitching my tent in your backyard !  ; ) 
Here's more proof for you of the indoctrination that's taking place today in public schools
are a subset of criminals  ( ie not all criminals are burglars or muggers )  .  Ripskar pointed out that gangs  ( criminals
it's not just unrepentant gay people who are going down to the pit for all eternity
Tell me about it .  They had Kerry winning FL by 2 or 3%
how do you earn love ?  what does a baby have to do
I am working here on the assumption that you are not a smoker: how do like it when someone blows tobacco smoke in your face ?  Do you cough
blah
ns was accomplished for all of humanity 2000 years ago on the Cross . 
rumor has it that they all sneak in across the border from canada . they work for peanuts
if they are a very small minority
One needs not be ancient to know more than those around them .  My age is irrelevant to the fact that I simply know more than you can comprehend .  Because unlike others I'm observant and actually pay attention . 
evolution may attempt to explain how life developed here
the common element shared by flood myths is a surfeit of water .  in order to be considered as evidence of a global event
I didn't attack either one of you at all .  I just stated an ugly but very true fact concerning both your objectivity and your credibility .  And regarding your sick hypothetical
i think we should go to war with iraq .  we know they have weopons of mass destruction .  he has 16-17 weapons of mass destruction
that is a classic post from easyrider !  one of his more assinine attempts at intelligent design . 
It's not MY hole
Actually its not sickening in any way .  These kids are at risk and need to know the resources available to them to avoid realizing those risks .  Frankly I thinik its a good idea to trot them around to agencies and organizations which they may need to interact with in the future .  Knowledge can keep them out of deep trouble .  Ignorance will not do so . 
pectable congressman with derogatory and homophobic insults .  EasyRider
this liberal hypocrisy makes me sick .  .  . more and more sick .   right after monica
right .  catholics say prayers to a woman that they hate .  next ! 
obviously you have not read the forum rules .  personal attacks are not allowed .  if i had made one
since reverend hellhound insists on using an antique definition of 'well-regulated'
safer by openly carrying unloaded handguns ?  that's the law in ca .   of course you can have a loaded magazine or two on the other hip .  http://abclocal . go . com/kgo/story ? sec .  .  . bay&id7261522
proof .  give me proof that 'these animals' are the same citizens of iraq which we are attacking
According to the following info
you can insist your right all you like sp
no one knows anything about the constitution so how do they make claims that abortion is constitutional ? 
from what i understand of christianity .  .  . you're gonna burn
If God wanted to
jesus didn't come the first time to throw stones
yeah
so thats quite contradictory to me .  .  .  you would allow a law that killls millions of innocent babies a year and get rid of a law that rightly carries out the law .  .  .  wierd sounds like a liberal to me . 
also
what do you see as the major flaw of the view opposite of your in regards to how abortion should be dealt with ? 
you mean he didn't deny christ  ( who is jehovah god
so have the trillions of dollars that have already been 'redistributed downward' since the great society helped end poverty ?  or has it created a dependent class of people unable to function without the subsidization of the taxpayer ? 
a very good argument for getting the government out of 'marriage' .  let the various religions deal with / define 'marriage' as the wish to believe .  the government should only deal with 'civil unions'
mythic nonsense ?  it's historical fact .  or are you one of those 'the holocaust never took place' people ?  that's why the second amendment protects the private ownership of arms like the  . 50 bmg and other such powerful weapons . 
Do you really believe not spanking your children will make them less likely to hit other children ?  Why ?  Where's your evidence ?  I personally want my children to be proficient at violence and know when it is appropriate to use it and when not .  To suggest it is never right to use violence is simply not true . 
yup .  however
what are we here for
well i was going from the guardian article which was rather more in depth on the specifics .  the guardian in particular his ex-wife's ultimatum seems to reduce their 19 years of marriage to a sham  ( for lack of a better phrase ) : 
I'm a scientist by profession .  I try to deal in facts .  I've yet to see any that prove gayness is hereditary
all what simone does is stir things up .  I am sorry that those little girls died but to paint all men with the same brush is sexism in reverse .  Some men do not like women
lefties kick out the nutcases with the guns and bullets and the lust to kill .  then
a person doesn't have to be perfect to lead a boy into the truth of the salvation of jesus christ .  and if jito's gay friend is teaching the kid that gay sex is fine and is failing to lead the boy into the truth about jesus christ
Bradamante: But I am already well aware of epistemological methods concerning those that seek to undermine accepted teachings .  .  . 
hey speaking of clueless
Yes it can
i've exposed how evolution has multiple definitions .   not going to tell me if you've seen the movie ? 
Originally posted by debategirl88  1 .  Jesus did not go to heaven he went to hell .  He couldnt go to heaven because He had all of the sins of the world on Him .  If ya know anything about the Bible  you would know that sin does not go to heaven .  That means Jesus spent 3 days and 3 nights in hell . 
MM I am usually with you on every issue but we part company on this one .  .  .  .  .  . There have just been to many credible people who have had sightings .  .  .  .  .  .  . Maybe they are light years ahead of us in the technology of space travel .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . Can you imagine what they could teach us if they made contact ?  Some people are concerned that they could harm or destroy us .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . Like I said before if they wanted to do that they could have already done it .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
my point is
I meant stop immigration and close all borders .  Have very little trade .  I just want to see opinions .  I am doing a policy debate for school and my teacher recommended getting other opinions on it . 
yeah
the usa spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined .  its obsession with guns harks back to its war of independence .  its insecurity has spread thru the american psyche across the generations like a disease .  americans are a bunch of insecure little boys who think that guns transform them in macho men . 
So you can tell me the athletes that were brought into the school to specificially play sports are going to abide by all the rules as well as the students that attend the school at their free will also
You say that homosexual relationships should be all that there should be because hetero sex is wrong .  Using your logic there would be no more children because nobody would be straight .  After everyone died humans would no longer exist because there would be no offspring .  Very intelligent I must say .  Great way to preserve the human race .  emoticonXBanghead  This is how I feel everytime I hear a dumb statement like that . 
well
that is the self serviing rhetoric that you resort to when you run out of arguemetns
I believed and hoped in the possibility .  It was Jesus
that wasn't a prophecy you neo marxist socialist
have you been to nigeria ?  ?  ?  egypt ?  ?  north africa ?  ?  and for christ's sake spell ridiculous correctly . 
And secondly
I'm used to reading non sequiturs from you
wow .  .  .  .  . is that what that word means .  .  .  . lol .  .  .  .  . you're kidding right .  .  .  . you just convieniently give words your own defintions that seem to coincide with your hate .  .  .  . that is so classic ! 
I know what I am talking about
Well
Like I said before I would not celebrate the death of any person .  .  . even osama bin laden .  There may be evil men out there but to celebrate the death of an evil man is evil as well .  It goes along the same lines as doing something evil to achieve good still makes you an evil person . 
youre forgetting something cz
only in response to your overweening prurient and ongoing voyeurism
Eugene Volokh • July 29
do you think mr .  bledsoe would have wound up dead if the perps had been carrying baseball bats  and he had said
And what does that have to do with the price of rice in China ?  Are you suggesting that in the event of a natural disaster you have the right to choose ?  If a tornado tore you from your bed and cast you into oblivion
Yes Easy
OH
your version of 'serious resistance' is blathering
Abortion is killing a defenseless
have you considered a career in advertising ?  by the way you f***ed us too .  australians troops were cannon fodder in wwi for the british empire
is there anything wrong with exercising the concept of one right in order to exercise the concept of another right ? 
i'm kinda sorry i challenged smallax on this issue
i find it offensive
What a brave man he was !  I suppose his shooting of failed athletes was okay by you
your same article says that 'meteorologists say china must shut them down a few weeks before' .  yes
i am sure you have convinced yourself that was what you saw .  however
that's information to you
i've lived it
Retract her opinions ?  You know
 .  .  .  and Jennings is on record saying he found the guy inspiring . 
if its alive then you should have a funeral for every miscariage
try looking up weapons as status symbols .  school shootings are linked to semi-automatic and automatic weapons as demonstrated beyond all reasonable doubt by the tasmanian authorities where following the ban on such weapons school shootings fell to zero . 
** absolute nonsense .  ** utter garbage .  'fittness' ( sic ) 
pehaps he's matured to the point where carrying the power of life
fe·lo·ni·ous- 1 .  Law .  pertaining to
Where's your missing link
well it seems that you basically lie
'what i find most interesting' is to consider a humanity purged of the chronic scourge of rabid religion .  how much more pleasant
i doubt you have any .  .  .  it isn't like this is the first time this has come up .  so lets see it .  it is essential to your argument so you need to provide it .  and you just assume the evidence relates to the fact ?  perhaps you assume the evidence tested is tested in methods are in reality logical .  you beg the question no matter how you look at it which is why you have to have faith in something .  well
Can you please provide a cite in the Constitution that supports the notion that a Supreme Court Justice nominee has the power to declare that any case is settled law and the subsequent power to make it so ?     I didn't think so . 
the risk of homicide in the home is three times greater in households with guns . 3 the risk of suicide is five times greater in households with guns . 4 what's more
So
god had two choices .  he could make creatures that obeyed him completely with no possibility whatsoever of choosing against his will .  or he could make free creatures with the choice to love god or not .  can you imagine an interesting world where there are no choices ?  can there be love without choice ?  can robots love ?  because adam and eve chose to disobey god they were no longer perfect .  all of history since then has been god's plan to bring us back to perfection .  this is the view many christians have
god doesnt need things to exist
but if he intervenes
That's not what I said .  You're misrepresenting what I said  ( which is dishonest on your part )  and then basically accusing me of not having honesty in your next sentence  .  .  .  Why is it dishonest to want marriage and govt .  separated ?  I've told you my stance--that's what it is .   I think the real problem is that you just enjoy being belligerent and doing things like calling people weasel and dishonest when you yourself misrepresent like you did above .  I have a better idea--drop the sniveling you're-a-weasel playground name-calling antics and start stepping up to the plate and debate the issues .  If you think my stance is not a good one for the country
some people would say that launching long range missiles and killing innocenet civilians was a diversion to take the heat off of monica and he in the oval office .  .  .  .  .  . 
well
It seems the people of Iran have spoken in a relatively free and fair election .  Now the onus is on the USA to negotiate with this legally elected head of state .  For us to do otherwise is to make a mockery of the very idea of free elections . 
And if gay marriage is legalized
Can you guarantee that what appears to be a simple mugging will come to an immediate halt once the mugger is complied with
It's just a term for someone who has decided to live in a way that isn't gay .  They may be gay physiologically  ( whatever that means in terms of biology ) 
President Bill Clinton was very worried about Osama bin Laden well before 9/11 and HE GAVE EXPLICIT WARNINGS ABOUT OSAMA BIN LADEN AND TERRORISM TO GEORGE WALKER BUSH AND HIS PEOPLE DURING THE TRANSITION BETWEEN ADMINISTRATIONS .  Bush and his people blew Clinton off .  Thanks a lot
Edwards sued corporations for the benefit of humans .  Just a little fact to twist around in your little contorted mind . 
no
and in particular this one references:  78 borkowski and bernstine
ez: read some unbiased writings about the early church  say the first 1000 years .  i am tired of you running from question and challenges to your thinking . 
that is a whole new thread .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . this is about murder in the womb .  .  .  .  .  . 
that doesn't refute anything i've said .  so criminals are more afraid of armed citizens .  like i said that's why criminals would have more motivation to shoot an armed citizen .  the greater the threat
he implied all .  not that i care
but what is apparent externally is not what is important .  what is important is
is it now ?  is it backed up by the stats ?  what's your evidence aside from 'it sounds right to me' ?  but the same applies to most countries - particularly in the west .  url'and yet us school killings account for more deaths in this list than the rest of the world put together  ( counting like-for-like situations
Keep it up zardoz
Too bad you can't show me it .  Oh trust me it's there  .  .  WHat a looser you are .  What a liar you are . 
 That one iota we're discussing is a major change: part of the very heart of what marriage is . 
school uniforms are a great leveller .  they eliminate the need for competition between the pupils to come to school with the most expensive ' cool' clothingthus reducing the strain on the parents' pockets .  as for saving money in the uk school uniforms are super cheap
that we will: how's them apples sponge bob ? 
is this likely to be overturned or are congratulations really in order ? 
